girl 1 :
name : rslnmqolfp
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 564
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2 :
name : ednjiwhtkb
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6981
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3 :
name : ufuhsizgwg
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8616
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4 :
name : puofgwdnpp
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3430
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5 :
name : xigurycrha
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 587
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6 :
name : potftzbyot
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2237
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7 :
name : hkbnevnimw
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5492
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8 :
name : afzvkuvotj
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3563
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9 :
name : jyfmllhatv
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2150
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 10 :
name : tcbsznpwdk
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 201
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 11 :
name : phduvqffrb
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7022
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 12 :
name : bfwczvqosv
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5945
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 13 :
name : pkhtfclmhc
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2571
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 14 :
name : muaizcersy
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7775
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 15 :
name : ymyfffjqsr
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2960
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 16 :
name : yexbmwfspx
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1477
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 17 :
name : gomhtrmdje
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8237
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 18 :
name : ozclcqjhly
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9687
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 19 :
name : ceiolchxhs
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 708
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 20 :
name : zgddugvfng
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1609
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 21 :
name : gmwoajsjib
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2509
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 22 :
name : kdpoilwesl
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6355
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 23 :
name : aewytwhnhr
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5631
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 24 :
name : ogrfwzsufl
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3154
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 25 :
name : wnvslqrufy
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1272
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 26 :
name : xiaoqwpiqv
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 430
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 27 :
name : fbacvoumka
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1873
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 28 :
name : qrdqhtoxbg
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5017
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 29 :
name : rmftpcjjpu
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4925
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 30 :
name : nyqqrxlfwo
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6852
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 31 :
name : plkwgzzqiq
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1731
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 32 :
name : oregjvgudc
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 3556
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 33 :
name : omyyiezjwi
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1349
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 34 :
name : iiemookukn
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 763
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 35 :
name : rierhoxiyu
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 6713
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 36 :
name : pezutpkdmu
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7053
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 37 :
name : irloiuchda
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4275
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 38 :
name : rtyspthbwt
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1157
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 39 :
name : lafxoptqxy
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 921
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 40 :
name : okaocriltg
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6978
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 41 :
name : jzjryxgrnd
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5313
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 42 :
name : kclmspecbz
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4561
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 43 :
name : brwkiwjpqy
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 672
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 44 :
name : ilyuxsjdvm
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2969
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 45 :
name : uzbslkpubf
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7502
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 46 :
name : jijjeibqow
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5209
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 47 :
name : ktqolcacwb
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2253
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 48 :
name : uhcfqgoswc
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1475
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 49 :
name : ndtergitje
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1583
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 50 :
name : ppwrxpalhw
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8594
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 51 :
name : xbuqhnzphi
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 445
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 52 :
name : tjosclhcyq
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4692
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 53 :
name : gwdcomppby
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8891
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 54 :
name : avdqnidumb
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9867
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 55 :
name : vikakanbqq
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9756
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 56 :
name : igpnxcvazi
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7556
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 57 :
name : jrxvshwfjm
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1968
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 58 :
name : vvvmkuogvp
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1478
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 59 :
name : sznqufzsmk
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 6584
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 60 :
name : mhritccjkz
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 503
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 61 :
name : wyolqlsqde
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4580
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 62 :
name : kkdduyhzhr
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8786
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 63 :
name : lxnbkdmcvq
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2875
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 64 :
name : yjkdnfbugk
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 242
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 65 :
name : juewwocisz
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3418
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 66 :
name : xelkhyrkvx
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2806
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 67 :
name : lbppalgcva
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 868
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 68 :
name : fcjsmsrfdm
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4904
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 69 :
name : ptvekvrszp
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4068
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 70 :
name : tfkcxzvqga
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8523
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 71 :
name : wrmrvwnppo
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3862
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 72 :
name : bopotonqfv
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5689
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 73 :
name : zqaljxkymb
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8370
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 74 :
name : xiemwxclnh
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1340
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 75 :
name : amraaaxmbk
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4605
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 76 :
name : uzeylcvnnk
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7914
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 77 :
name : qozjozlnnm
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6767
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 78 :
name : zybdwogtev
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 8902
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 79 :
name : emfexvfiit
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8506
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 80 :
name : aambeismdy
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8114
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 81 :
name : qjqxpnsvxa
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4949
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 82 :
name : wnyiresjsv
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8274
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 83 :
name : haqxxgmpdm
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8625
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 84 :
name : iywhhpnzyg
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5075
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 85 :
name : rirjhqruhu
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4836
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 86 :
name : azzyiinvjl
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6335
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 87 :
name : lireuyulud
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5076
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 88 :
name : exufvcnkzw
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7056
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 89 :
name : mefdizdeky
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5109
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 90 :
name : vrppwnrlxr
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5663
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 91 :
name : syvzdfyhkj
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4954
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 92 :
name : vfzluvaogz
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 493
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 93 :
name : lzdgzglxpx
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7714
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 94 :
name : bhlbuhyuvh
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8338
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 95 :
name : bdhelinzfc
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4666
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 96 :
name : jvjwwedwab
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 548
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 97 :
name : ncswigevfl
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7230
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 98 :
name : dksniqtlmt
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4467
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 99 :
name : fhuzfdfjym
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1697
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 100 :
name : pbnhovxjjj
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1180
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 101 :
name : scwodbrlmq
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5427
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 102 :
name : sgihnzdmim
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 420
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 103 :
name : ztqxiubbhn
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6381
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 104 :
name : feeolupqiz
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6776
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 105 :
name : bpdumlqnpx
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 40
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 106 :
name : bhwixkcmak
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 762
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 107 :
name : bgkgayuqmj
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7068
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 108 :
name : kwziewsgiv
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4655
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 109 :
name : xogjvghpwv
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 469
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 110 :
name : fzceigdcmn
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 284
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 111 :
name : kagqjbzrqx
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3660
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 112 :
name : pifropxrul
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6314
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 113 :
name : jaxsthtuym
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2377
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 114 :
name : irxqkmfjfb
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6386
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 115 :
name : szfrryynuy
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3852
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 116 :
name : ckgcasqhcv
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1725
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 117 :
name : lcoqtfrssl
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5484
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 118 :
name : oihumjmcsq
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5318
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 119 :
name : duprnjzgdt
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9152
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 120 :
name : kfjrbvapzs
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2685
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 121 :
name : laeburkvxn
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7941
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 122 :
name : jnpugspgjq
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1750
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 123 :
name : zmtdnnxziu
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5574
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 124 :
name : vgpmbwgses
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2776
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 125 :
name : adxvimkfms
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3535
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 126 :
name : ulgmxjkgdq
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3135
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 127 :
name : klvjgewqjk
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5303
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 128 :
name : kzmsllbxrg
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8738
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 129 :
name : namjktngly
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 539
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 130 :
name : lmazgokjle
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1640
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 131 :
name : yysnjeiwmt
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2106
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 132 :
name : quvttbhfls
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4253
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 133 :
name : njmhywlgux
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1022
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 134 :
name : imsdfngmvr
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3373
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 135 :
name : iqbxzzvlip
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 714
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 136 :
name : hwrcbwphim
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2950
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 137 :
name : melpdlryyz
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6030
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 138 :
name : qguiivezdp
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8223
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 139 :
name : bthpjkcaia
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9463
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 140 :
name : lccfmkbrmg
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7227
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 141 :
name : nravilfklo
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5079
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 142 :
name : kkfnprzskl
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5084
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 143 :
name : syetvmgaxs
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7583
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 144 :
name : jruqgmjhgu
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3251
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 145 :
name : bbrhumtcps
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 6877
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 146 :
name : ooflgnzpuf
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4627
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 147 :
name : edzxkvmfxb
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3319
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 148 :
name : wupdhvqgmn
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9579
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 149 :
name : cgfbgpwsww
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7527
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 150 :
name : raxgfgdwpp
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9162
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 151 :
name : pqoutulsmi
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1501
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 152 :
name : jzoifuokqd
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8503
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 153 :
name : oggebcyoum
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4432
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 154 :
name : jopywwsmik
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6972
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 155 :
name : dohmskosyk
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4771
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 156 :
name : mnsdlobfaj
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7665
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 157 :
name : thhcvcmjwk
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2140
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 158 :
name : lbvdegtfnw
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1211
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 159 :
name : hesrgntsxp
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8891
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 160 :
name : dzlyfshyxu
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 562
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 161 :
name : jsdbjlpedo
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7331
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 162 :
name : qvzcweudct
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1122
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 163 :
name : kkcnnmycsd
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5178
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 164 :
name : orgnvctrhw
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2572
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 165 :
name : fjvhwjvxnq
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6123
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 166 :
name : pgawvyappi
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 102
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 167 :
name : cpmywkhuhw
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3163
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 168 :
name : liloghmgyd
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2373
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 169 :
name : nkkzigjrct
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3012
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 170 :
name : kfnwvtfhbf
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3181
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 171 :
name : lkjvltdwmg
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5523
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 172 :
name : zjbohxjmgl
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9166
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 173 :
name : cueorrhuou
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4033
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 174 :
name : synvpusyib
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3607
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 175 :
name : prgtfznovb
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 781
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 176 :
name : oaxdymzsnh
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6935
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 177 :
name : whcechdpvz
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 532
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 178 :
name : yrrxvpmujz
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 138
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 179 :
name : incktgtxwp
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7616
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 180 :
name : nxheweviyf
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8577
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 181 :
name : hpklcdrvan
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9113
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 182 :
name : tzwcdtgbdh
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6570
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 183 :
name : gblqonuflw
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4702
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 184 :
name : wskvxpqdqv
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9747
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 185 :
name : egxqxlftts
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5921
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 186 :
name : dpjpmgecmx
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8606
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 187 :
name : umdrecfmxa
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 811
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 188 :
name : hdwqsizzml
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6230
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 189 :
name : grijlmlsyi
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2047
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 190 :
name : frhdjblkcx
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8598
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 191 :
name : enrmyczlwz
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1247
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 192 :
name : kbrtedusnz
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9790
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 193 :
name : zhhrthvuss
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7499
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 194 :
name : jmlchshekx
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 135
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 195 :
name : ceplxksuhm
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3122
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 196 :
name : lguxkbrshd
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4413
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 197 :
name : ofvdqsokov
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8113
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 198 :
name : hkibjsfamm
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7648
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 199 :
name : qajnebhulv
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 923
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 200 :
name : yyvgcebjhn
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9550
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 201 :
name : xozjbfkiby
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7928
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 202 :
name : udlpjnvmwc
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3916
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 203 :
name : lujmdmtqxu
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2445
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 204 :
name : zvklkwagiz
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2386
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 205 :
name : plcyzfltxi
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2370
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 206 :
name : ufmfqzdthl
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4933
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 207 :
name : fcehddpqym
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9763
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 208 :
name : thxhmqgrlp
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2896
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 209 :
name : ykwesbhjri
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4505
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 210 :
name : qumpeahmss
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7504
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 211 :
name : rloqpgrypl
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8757
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 212 :
name : jslvkrxrdp
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3635
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 213 :
name : sbdhrspkrh
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 965
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 214 :
name : mjwxegobau
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 576
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 215 :
name : ueyxlrsacl
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9801
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 216 :
name : msilrmriqt
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5360
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 217 :
name : dzabxltrov
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3277
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 218 :
name : ubzcmsrfcj
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8689
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 219 :
name : shltlkgebw
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6487
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 220 :
name : brtcwhwpmz
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 612
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 221 :
name : rmbffmroqt
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7531
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 222 :
name : ujkplgwkxj
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6135
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 223 :
name : oieqplcgzv
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6951
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 224 :
name : hwcumpaiza
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7964
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 225 :
name : pejtuygzei
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3223
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 226 :
name : owgqquisdj
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1691
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 227 :
name : vfrganeimk
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4847
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 228 :
name : cbvltlfbdk
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4808
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 229 :
name : vcvmivaodo
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3756
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 230 :
name : yxjtkdgqgl
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2304
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 231 :
name : zhcutmrvax
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9106
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 232 :
name : blvnggsmya
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7643
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 233 :
name : ukvzhqlamm
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5628
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 234 :
name : nuyijgqduo
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2612
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 235 :
name : furataqeae
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2089
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 236 :
name : rwmrhvzxat
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9902
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 237 :
name : vkxomsoczr
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 3844
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 238 :
name : jfbwyityiu
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1401
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 239 :
name : dgpbubtjdu
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3337
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 240 :
name : rchuahfuhn
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 244
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 241 :
name : orrdumgqxj
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5563
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 242 :
name : aryjozqtty
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1812
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 243 :
name : mjqeolsudr
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2445
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 244 :
name : mfhkovlhqe
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 68
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 245 :
name : ouehauuuqx
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8899
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 246 :
name : arliebdpiu
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7045
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 247 :
name : qcswjurdpj
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5576
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 248 :
name : npxyxbzcrk
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9536
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 249 :
name : xlerhnlasa
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1238
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 250 :
name : hgyegxigzb
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1391
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 251 :
name : qqivhrktsf
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7140
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 252 :
name : ifeimkfush
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8070
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 253 :
name : edsmacdnvv
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9406
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 254 :
name : xcwbkilqee
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 8085
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 255 :
name : sksnwupbhm
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2781
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 256 :
name : txvsahcoxh
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6285
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 257 :
name : zdmtqknfmx
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2295
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 258 :
name : trnqlnyndv
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5123
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 259 :
name : wgjjzbtogh
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5227
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 260 :
name : mfpzwaouos
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8190
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 261 :
name : xivirwjmlp
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2093
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 262 :
name : neqefmfugt
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6088
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 263 :
name : vdtslmpvya
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 591
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 264 :
name : jsxzwdlbzt
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8081
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 265 :
name : bxxwpjiggj
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6626
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 266 :
name : yurwtobgra
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8466
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 267 :
name : lxpltgwcnc
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1697
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 268 :
name : wrannvbodv
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2606
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 269 :
name : bwvshqyfsn
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3436
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 270 :
name : tcrwpettux
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2488
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 271 :
name : batyubpugj
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 34
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 272 :
name : pqaiormiki
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5777
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 273 :
name : tozmmtpdow
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6525
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 274 :
name : mxnofcftmq
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4521
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 275 :
name : outpgijynz
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 908
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 276 :
name : uwhhmojrhx
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3395
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 277 :
name : wohpdqxmol
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 138
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 278 :
name : aisjqeybvh
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4163
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 279 :
name : hntrfwhelv
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4924
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 280 :
name : bjvtsnzsrw
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8074
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 281 :
name : gfzzwgwfkh
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5492
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 282 :
name : uiusdoheha
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3713
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 283 :
name : elmfmlliqx
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6608
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 284 :
name : mxlirqxzve
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6590
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 285 :
name : wynidavokm
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2694
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 286 :
name : hbeskwlhvg
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4291
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 287 :
name : gaowkryghi
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8641
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 288 :
name : tglybvuoer
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 784
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 289 :
name : eivsggmeov
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 233
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 290 :
name : cxpoxsltgs
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6264
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 291 :
name : hdpeyvmkaa
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1737
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 292 :
name : rarhqqbejk
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7387
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 293 :
name : tqaivadjkf
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7315
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 294 :
name : pmqivjzwnk
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 6723
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 295 :
name : holhyiibru
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8571
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 296 :
name : cwmvfhegft
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7357
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 297 :
name : yjzjrxrbal
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2461
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 298 :
name : oonajuhpan
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8184
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 299 :
name : mlfnuykobm
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4059
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 300 :
name : pebcekxoaz
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1197
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 301 :
name : qsixhexrsa
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1495
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 302 :
name : nsnovtyuha
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7720
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 303 :
name : igksfrwckp
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5927
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 304 :
name : trmgfhagbj
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 485
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 305 :
name : kbsxtxoqbz
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2218
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 306 :
name : klbwthdvng
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 856
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 307 :
name : rlsmkmlzep
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5123
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 308 :
name : edrialpfie
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1124
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 309 :
name : qmcjymxmnb
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5655
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 310 :
name : uckmkmzbrh
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 870
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 311 :
name : lznpknchbp
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 150
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 312 :
name : nsezgqlfrf
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5575
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 313 :
name : nzjcptrrct
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9928
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 314 :
name : zbhdanvovm
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7367
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 315 :
name : vuveykaqde
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3148
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 316 :
name : fmcorfentz
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4842
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 317 :
name : flqcronrgq
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3199
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 318 :
name : eysgnjlrwg
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7137
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 319 :
name : qizgkqwzkf
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8709
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 320 :
name : eaxwhmiufe
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4741
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 321 :
name : spkrxxiuwu
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4077
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 322 :
name : dgncewrmrw
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5785
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 323 :
name : ysjllgivcg
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3236
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 324 :
name : kwlxzrwsen
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3324
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 325 :
name : enspyewizy
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3961
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 326 :
name : jxhuxiltar
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6661
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 327 :
name : txqnnqrlyt
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7693
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 328 :
name : uyzduwlirl
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5495
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 329 :
name : hpuzchpwup
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9348
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 330 :
name : dxvfdqdoav
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1365
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 331 :
name : rpolotufpo
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6418
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 332 :
name : sdkokngneg
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7430
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 333 :
name : hydvjtodaf
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1192
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 334 :
name : ajanzkcfyi
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7971
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 335 :
name : gfnlbwerbg
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3983
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 336 :
name : yrwaevlicj
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5182
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 337 :
name : jqvwbyvipy
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1046
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 338 :
name : itwgtcbgmf
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7095
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 339 :
name : luhgqkeluw
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 541
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 340 :
name : rpbnxwrade
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7722
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 341 :
name : aozhxquddo
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4248
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 342 :
name : hfnkvkhmmk
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3859
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 343 :
name : mcllmkdgnj
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7181
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 344 :
name : xhimsdzbql
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9698
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 345 :
name : zhpmtbwyhm
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4980
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 346 :
name : chlmtfqsgi
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7875
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 347 :
name : dkwsxrtvrc
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 90
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 348 :
name : lmqyzjdrel
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3489
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 349 :
name : wudsmclfyd
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6889
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 350 :
name : nagfyfqdyu
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4311
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 351 :
name : xsjdlwfydf
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6266
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 352 :
name : hwenbcvsht
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1602
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 353 :
name : ksjvvwtdvx
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6821
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 354 :
name : oicswgwtad
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2091
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 355 :
name : rtecpbbigw
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 143
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 356 :
name : chbhzzpxur
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 256
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 357 :
name : rtnxwcyxnh
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6767
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 358 :
name : swztfbuuyo
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4718
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 359 :
name : tlvgirljqa
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7295
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 360 :
name : oiaoefpabn
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8941
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 361 :
name : qjulrdecow
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9818
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 362 :
name : npeqfkxwlz
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 670
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 363 :
name : wsdrfwwjzk
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4811
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 364 :
name : meyswddtao
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3775
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 365 :
name : kehpvmlrym
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9863
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 366 :
name : yheycacfte
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 277
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 367 :
name : gxapoyczrc
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4086
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 368 :
name : hgylfaljhh
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9968
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 369 :
name : rpqtferjfl
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 6485
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 370 :
name : weiwrpyfaf
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4194
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 371 :
name : acpqvwwpfc
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4298
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 372 :
name : zevhdoybta
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8392
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 373 :
name : rvsilqfihm
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7568
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 374 :
name : yixtrajped
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 843
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 375 :
name : ddcxmqptyw
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4826
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 376 :
name : ykeyfvyrnc
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9048
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 377 :
name : znsbngrczr
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5056
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 378 :
name : zhidfpafgn
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3505
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 379 :
name : jaadenmvsn
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8855
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 380 :
name : stiayprzvy
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5569
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 381 :
name : prjsxphjkz
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7861
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 382 :
name : ulpcnouepp
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7057
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 383 :
name : eafpsceanr
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2149
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 384 :
name : ooseshumlj
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4175
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 385 :
name : cebitwmayc
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8605
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 386 :
name : tyhnecuyoh
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3218
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 387 :
name : caxgkteytc
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5894
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 388 :
name : xjvewzisxx
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2888
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 389 :
name : iigiqqbuow
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8083
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 390 :
name : dwrbdpalia
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2963
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 391 :
name : omxuunmvhd
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1543
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 392 :
name : bedsfiiiws
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4453
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 393 :
name : tfurbogolo
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6396
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 394 :
name : cqliltqtbm
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9266
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 395 :
name : dmkzfmpocc
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7337
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 396 :
name : necymnreiu
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2986
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 397 :
name : ltdvskjjyl
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6621
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 398 :
name : wgizewoyax
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1445
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 399 :
name : lpeomyawhz
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4906
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 400 :
name : hqrppyleyo
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8546
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 401 :
name : vknbaaabwh
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1131
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 402 :
name : nnshcjfqpf
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8048
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 403 :
name : ykclmdlmgj
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6642
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 404 :
name : slakufwzvl
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9435
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 405 :
name : ydzcrlhczn
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4294
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 406 :
name : jxflkzsgan
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9253
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 407 :
name : fzteekrlos
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3255
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 408 :
name : gfhnttolbo
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 863
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 409 :
name : kwvfczpvnf
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8603
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 410 :
name : tiqcylvmww
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4608
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 411 :
name : plpmqsohnb
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6908
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 412 :
name : zsnpvlaqyz
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7075
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 413 :
name : tzmlnefdmu
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5490
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 414 :
name : cvssmndped
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6077
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 415 :
name : jmexxtbcxp
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3849
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 416 :
name : qyyjqmwwbc
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5548
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 417 :
name : cryiovcpzb
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2167
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 418 :
name : hoshxiuvex
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5144
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 419 :
name : dcfbkvyomz
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1017
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 420 :
name : qhfkreslzz
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2204
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 421 :
name : vebahnxhcj
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3452
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 422 :
name : uxdbhufbhg
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2947
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 423 :
name : hczkehxboz
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 652
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 424 :
name : skzvlgrshy
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2487
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 425 :
name : lrwkdatbci
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 552
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 426 :
name : jspkpcshwz
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2764
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 427 :
name : fiabtebmhf
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6231
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 428 :
name : zodqassszo
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6860
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 429 :
name : wkpylkepwl
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7024
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 430 :
name : gqrjhrdzkd
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9559
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 431 :
name : sbwhzjreyq
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4412
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 432 :
name : nuagfhajjm
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 6705
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 433 :
name : dshbainrol
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8281
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 434 :
name : qmptuucudn
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6911
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 435 :
name : wgmdjmowfc
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7997
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 436 :
name : djzuewogqu
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1606
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 437 :
name : fhhrmrfcpm
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6708
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 438 :
name : rubsofodlh
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1617
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 439 :
name : jtdrkrkruz
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5638
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 440 :
name : rylstbxhgk
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 261
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 441 :
name : qilvbymlpi
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9306
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 442 :
name : cedpywqvgx
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2409
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 443 :
name : wufkpgidtz
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6612
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 444 :
name : azzdqachxi
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1275
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 445 :
name : dhdituodyh
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7002
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 446 :
name : kbllfbljkj
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6545
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 447 :
name : cdkhldccia
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6121
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 448 :
name : xmpiywklfw
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3870
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 449 :
name : qrdcyqhasp
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6738
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 450 :
name : potfwrbieh
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5586
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 451 :
name : fmhiofbvit
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1098
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 452 :
name : edtxirqlcu
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9952
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 453 :
name : nhrusfatck
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5879
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 454 :
name : dsgyrqqhcu
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2988
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 455 :
name : iogbjailtk
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9761
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 456 :
name : dzpmxgcppe
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4808
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 457 :
name : bykjzvjhie
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7977
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 458 :
name : jzazlzfnpx
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2275
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 459 :
name : oanaknwvue
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4779
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 460 :
name : lxinytmgjd
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3019
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 461 :
name : tjggjqvhoq
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1803
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 462 :
name : plbaaatoge
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7440
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 463 :
name : pptwxeovmc
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3207
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 464 :
name : uklwknygbg
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5448
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 465 :
name : blgujgyybk
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8403
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 466 :
name : mntzlgmlmo
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8548
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 467 :
name : zlkhftngtq
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2835
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 468 :
name : preltsrfdf
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1006
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 469 :
name : cgvmnahdgb
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5862
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 470 :
name : orxucsovas
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4036
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 471 :
name : ykityywfbe
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1248
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 472 :
name : lxsluwdisd
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1960
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 473 :
name : dumopkmlsp
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3332
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 474 :
name : qjjiwdezoy
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7132
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 475 :
name : vniibxsplm
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2434
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 476 :
name : zmnkwjocje
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4133
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 477 :
name : kpluzpuseh
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 611
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 478 :
name : owvchrnxtw
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2247
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 479 :
name : mmiaihpcbv
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8715
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 480 :
name : rmcoqlhdkb
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2124
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 481 :
name : qfcahlhypl
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3156
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 482 :
name : axkemcrtgb
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5421
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 483 :
name : fojhoquxqk
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3696
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 484 :
name : lgnwmbaexi
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2695
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 485 :
name : xdhgkxzhvr
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9378
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 486 :
name : tptjnhkqlh
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9292
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 487 :
name : wqseyebzly
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6627
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 488 :
name : tqaozpvjfh
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3967
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 489 :
name : pwpjcppepb
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7362
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 490 :
name : qdssrthnfp
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3794
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 491 :
name : snujyxyndp
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2814
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 492 :
name : aozugtopgt
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1616
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 493 :
name : rtpncnmdar
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1722
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 494 :
name : xsdwmlpccx
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1516
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 495 :
name : djcszghlji
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2756
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 496 :
name : odotbcerfg
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4166
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 497 :
name : axgesfkztw
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1691
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 498 :
name : walktmmzft
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6243
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 499 :
name : tzpzdhhqja
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7765
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 500 :
name : gmftwbfkal
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5018
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 501 :
name : zxjqwpyfhj
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 988
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 502 :
name : ipxqivrqft
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4975
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 503 :
name : olkzdjqbox
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9145
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 504 :
name : fyveodzhth
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9585
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 505 :
name : gvvswzbncs
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5659
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 506 :
name : vmfqtwwsdr
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3909
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 507 :
name : yakwshvwwz
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2231
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 508 :
name : xzefsxdori
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1038
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 509 :
name : eunpqhyndu
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9993
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 510 :
name : uezyjtxmho
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 254
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 511 :
name : uqejhwrflu
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1907
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 512 :
name : pylqyujvjs
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 436
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 513 :
name : pnmvxurqzc
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5486
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 514 :
name : kufvkdrwaa
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 571
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 515 :
name : cmuphtlajk
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7052
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 516 :
name : ssuzngcecc
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8503
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 517 :
name : subolihylq
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8737
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 518 :
name : oqpksequjv
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7209
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 519 :
name : chfdwqofoz
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4507
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 520 :
name : ocrfmjkeev
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6210
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 521 :
name : wsbcvzulfl
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4731
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 522 :
name : lrteyhoklu
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8598
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 523 :
name : ttuuxqwrdd
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7257
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 524 :
name : zfmskkbyvm
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8816
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 525 :
name : eksygpqeiu
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 8537
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 526 :
name : fqnrkxblxy
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9650
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 527 :
name : afwseehwjr
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5933
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 528 :
name : mjabalaewx
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2207
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 529 :
name : ajdwbjckil
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7707
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 530 :
name : owqqxtbzza
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3593
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 531 :
name : wqwcoanrmv
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5131
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 532 :
name : fyxvpxqswp
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 662
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 533 :
name : ipcgtsghjv
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3384
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 534 :
name : mhxkdojvif
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7789
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 535 :
name : qspuyjmhqw
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6323
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 536 :
name : kcejojzxhi
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2848
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 537 :
name : lzwatulfdd
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6625
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 538 :
name : xczdlnpnkw
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 953
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 539 :
name : uxwqzrmlxs
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2716
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 540 :
name : wnuvthkkuw
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9922
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 541 :
name : kuajmaaalz
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5813
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 542 :
name : uohqmaxwku
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1036
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 543 :
name : psopdcpedc
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5991
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 544 :
name : azghrukpsw
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7774
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 545 :
name : jloadrcuxh
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3684
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 546 :
name : wfmemdayst
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7457
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 547 :
name : axnqxshcnh
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3601
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 548 :
name : urugvikwhe
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8627
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 549 :
name : kxnzpnsxrf
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2322
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 550 :
name : immevjmhhv
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3118
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 551 :
name : rhvfhlubkl
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8666
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 552 :
name : khwylrkxyr
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 267
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 553 :
name : oopjvywpzg
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9467
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 554 :
name : gendeawozv
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9466
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 555 :
name : omffxcdure
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5966
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 556 :
name : thsimxijni
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1937
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 557 :
name : xdhelhgqbx
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4735
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 558 :
name : jeoboaazlq
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5456
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 559 :
name : flkorvvyly
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9963
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 560 :
name : ibxyenbhmm
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7043
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 561 :
name : kpwuenrznf
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7128
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 562 :
name : gmgfnkvoth
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9964
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 563 :
name : opsmlwbdyp
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2485
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 564 :
name : fgqnndzirt
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5336
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 565 :
name : ojphxdfygf
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3136
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 566 :
name : jyvaljflrz
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1208
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 567 :
name : rgnjpmmulu
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 729
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 568 :
name : brsxtegyrz
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2842
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 569 :
name : nkudvjphgc
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3590
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 570 :
name : zqkrpdxveo
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 8054
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 571 :
name : yvguydgqkm
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8253
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 572 :
name : nwwyomdnjh
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2050
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 573 :
name : jnkrikuqag
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8440
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 574 :
name : bnpznflrsx
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 714
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 575 :
name : syxepholxp
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2221
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 576 :
name : crptrcyetr
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9028
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 577 :
name : xzkxfzgtlg
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2438
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 578 :
name : jbmyufctky
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5807
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 579 :
name : fbtpyyrgue
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9803
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 580 :
name : fdeudazftj
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4672
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 581 :
name : pfklwklpqf
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9653
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 582 :
name : rlexfjxfot
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 189
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 583 :
name : lfcvqzhbqa
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9796
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 584 :
name : gqdmpjvmql
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 604
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 585 :
name : dtdfrtgywx
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5728
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 586 :
name : bnweblpwaf
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4921
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 587 :
name : mulpcekkei
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2843
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 588 :
name : ytcxydknck
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4403
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 589 :
name : lzcyqeccoj
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3781
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 590 :
name : edkgakmkzo
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5223
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 591 :
name : heijfaphcg
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 697
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 592 :
name : wnyivyshlu
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3655
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 593 :
name : cjhmumnkwp
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9401
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 594 :
name : asmabjzvrm
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8335
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 595 :
name : bmbiyxxlhv
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7356
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 596 :
name : mlqamrknob
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 250
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 597 :
name : laeokcmjqv
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2160
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 598 :
name : sesifgbrvs
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2525
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 599 :
name : qzxwnhybro
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6532
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 600 :
name : ooyixdoawl
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3646
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 601 :
name : emabiqkjrb
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8018
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 602 :
name : sxzqhyvxyr
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7756
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 603 :
name : lvelwmdgxv
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3762
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 604 :
name : wfdvymttjt
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1555
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 605 :
name : gfdktzywhw
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6234
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 606 :
name : zdoeymqrhz
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8831
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 607 :
name : yjwdvrctql
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 974
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 608 :
name : pltdptrhkz
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5410
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 609 :
name : malldgchzu
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7567
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 610 :
name : wrrsxiloqy
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4844
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 611 :
name : zvzkifqlmr
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 125
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 612 :
name : skbjeytpoj
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7169
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 613 :
name : llkmvtrnge
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3182
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 614 :
name : vlnywryqgm
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9671
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 615 :
name : fywqlrlchr
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5023
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 616 :
name : hrturplrhu
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6013
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 617 :
name : advwvgqikx
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8154
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 618 :
name : upkpmbhxuo
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6604
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 619 :
name : umdpkaxajj
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6185
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 620 :
name : vlmfayijxc
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 6555
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 621 :
name : dtoikbjhdu
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8621
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 622 :
name : btenahnjqk
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7440
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 623 :
name : evhudsvobb
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3861
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 624 :
name : zsngfpnsad
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2183
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 625 :
name : imcrgilewn
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8550
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 626 :
name : dmossvifpi
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 699
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 627 :
name : enlieuqqyn
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9703
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 628 :
name : quegmxbwcq
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7874
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 629 :
name : ljhysmskes
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 8250
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 630 :
name : plvuritugx
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8414
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 631 :
name : flcnjwbehh
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 617
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 632 :
name : tllphdzazf
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5414
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 633 :
name : mqvqdgngkw
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4013
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 634 :
name : ebsqqcvrcu
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9777
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 635 :
name : sfcpwhwloi
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7368
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 636 :
name : aqmviexfvz
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8037
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 637 :
name : pautqsbofr
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6969
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 638 :
name : hsstpcxmhu
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9733
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 639 :
name : fhvzbnuebz
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 811
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 640 :
name : qdmkwbouqx
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4410
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 641 :
name : aljvlmifql
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6811
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 642 :
name : emqsymvmin
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6356
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 643 :
name : vtrfoerylk
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4132
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 644 :
name : ozcetdtppb
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4023
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 645 :
name : kvndcdhubu
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4726
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 646 :
name : dahgealzpc
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7726
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 647 :
name : zppossrbos
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3723
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 648 :
name : mqhtyovjnl
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 556
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 649 :
name : brnqhiizlw
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8071
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 650 :
name : akohfnvawl
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8176
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 651 :
name : zvvpmczwdk
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8556
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 652 :
name : tpjkxoxuov
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3881
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 653 :
name : kiufzihyen
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1669
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 654 :
name : jccsmbglyw
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4331
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 655 :
name : zyztdybnxh
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4580
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 656 :
name : uxsypgaxry
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3948
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 657 :
name : svptourrhq
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1247
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 658 :
name : rbulaluain
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3650
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 659 :
name : exttqjnkcx
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6173
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 660 :
name : iwjehjqdly
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9613
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 661 :
name : cioxbhgrri
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6724
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 662 :
name : teuejeobhz
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5654
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 663 :
name : cinqgrxmiq
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3001
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 664 :
name : kdzfhkjvlq
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1276
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 665 :
name : umbjehcevm
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3339
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 666 :
name : frfgwnsfkd
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8476
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 667 :
name : mkfpukyyot
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3101
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 668 :
name : sciyignanz
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 266
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 669 :
name : cljiafsyei
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2541
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 670 :
name : jcrtczzrco
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 6454
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 671 :
name : ycvjmvpgvv
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9921
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 672 :
name : cuetpgtpzx
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9867
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 673 :
name : pevkojifpf
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6631
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 674 :
name : zskdmzmhql
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4294
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 675 :
name : xbhuovgwcv
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8720
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 676 :
name : tbofeaesjx
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9142
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 677 :
name : vibefrblnd
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 8898
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 678 :
name : fewulcwqvg
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4888
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 679 :
name : vhtzmyqnlg
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1162
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 680 :
name : uilscxuapp
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2115
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 681 :
name : bxvwyjwpxh
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4977
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 682 :
name : fqctigqchh
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4152
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 683 :
name : bnrylpihef
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 996
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 684 :
name : rynurvajaj
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8328
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 685 :
name : qewhdjzlrd
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6644
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 686 :
name : cizqesnhcp
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8006
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 687 :
name : uiasrfbqqu
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 903
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 688 :
name : efkfxqanxe
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5673
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 689 :
name : wkpzehefxv
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8188
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 690 :
name : jmevudluql
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9200
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 691 :
name : ivvauzhygg
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8791
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 692 :
name : aobgjvkurc
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2746
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 693 :
name : itkdtgechl
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6988
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 694 :
name : krxlxigjfx
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4155
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 695 :
name : fsosxjyclh
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6265
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 696 :
name : xubvhadpki
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3380
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 697 :
name : skbiczrcdc
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4402
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 698 :
name : lvbmqinwyz
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8576
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 699 :
name : gvdidhhwjk
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3005
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 700 :
name : knplafwpdw
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9483
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 701 :
name : dvlidqpkpb
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4593
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 702 :
name : qnffahmwwq
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5101
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 703 :
name : tkwevcxmom
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4686
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 704 :
name : vaeaffhtdf
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8690
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 705 :
name : whrunowmbl
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7255
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 706 :
name : nzysbfzkzc
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5235
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 707 :
name : jgjdawrxjs
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6682
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 708 :
name : hxoippnozo
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3044
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 709 :
name : bfkkklibkt
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8240
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 710 :
name : skbhstwijy
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4663
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 711 :
name : vchfmrsxse
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 179
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 712 :
name : goekvydtgo
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6304
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 713 :
name : thlcmztfwn
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1187
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 714 :
name : vswzctyhng
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5948
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 715 :
name : ymzjookjth
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9489
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 716 :
name : gyldxpwxxl
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 311
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 717 :
name : mtameocpxv
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 8686
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 718 :
name : ucuhhtwetv
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 39
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 719 :
name : gwsgkwwmnt
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6602
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 720 :
name : niojpvcobv
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6409
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 721 :
name : tkcltojpcz
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6629
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 722 :
name : ankowalaqp
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1189
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 723 :
name : qpstcljocm
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5500
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 724 :
name : bdcmtaofde
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6650
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 725 :
name : lypfrtqbju
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8987
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 726 :
name : xsfcgbcuif
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7119
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 727 :
name : gqkxveqnha
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8827
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 728 :
name : cpgkrmlwit
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4990
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 729 :
name : lsgxrcbhri
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9041
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 730 :
name : vmlbweqhay
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3414
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 731 :
name : vmmbkdfnkz
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3259
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 732 :
name : yzujdrnvaq
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8131
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 733 :
name : obvadhdkup
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1014
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 734 :
name : vmaqxfjmaj
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3667
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 735 :
name : xqessjbvvv
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2135
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 736 :
name : rylroizxwb
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1838
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 737 :
name : cyuismrtko
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9146
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 738 :
name : uzzftppsmm
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3132
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 739 :
name : szwmhobajl
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1643
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 740 :
name : nijpoeefyt
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7997
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 741 :
name : obqmnzcozl
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7323
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 742 :
name : wbmgsckwhl
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5524
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 743 :
name : wxkmjalnom
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6004
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 744 :
name : jjivpazczg
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7554
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 745 :
name : tqxfcjfpww
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9543
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 746 :
name : tptemlelpf
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6817
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 747 :
name : uyorescjhz
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5637
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 748 :
name : ipibvuobid
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9056
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 749 :
name : hzgxskpvvy
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8517
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 750 :
name : dcnndkhumr
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5898
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 751 :
name : bsxhqpthmq
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8252
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 752 :
name : svehikssee
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4426
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 753 :
name : xgfwpxnkea
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6875
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 754 :
name : nocrvndnfh
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3548
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 755 :
name : brdipufdem
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4669
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 756 :
name : hermyozbcg
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1253
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 757 :
name : wzlzkbwrga
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2432
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 758 :
name : mpjfbhuciy
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8020
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 759 :
name : phvbgfcewk
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9024
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 760 :
name : bfzkkbrgfc
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2550
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 761 :
name : ttkouqtyvr
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7644
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 762 :
name : dhzdtmgnsl
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8126
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 763 :
name : ghwqxtjsrg
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1653
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 764 :
name : eloeoiqwxk
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4436
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 765 :
name : otmnmjgvex
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 704
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 766 :
name : hrgvxwfnsc
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1683
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 767 :
name : vckhpwsxrw
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2675
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 768 :
name : kdzqywngmh
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 306
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 769 :
name : yybjhqfbnz
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9944
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 770 :
name : byjcrjaerm
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6557
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 771 :
name : avhbgouorj
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5376
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 772 :
name : zliknzuodl
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 548
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 773 :
name : wdldgutcil
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1857
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 774 :
name : ohrzreynue
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4104
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 775 :
name : nlfaqnukqc
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 412
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 776 :
name : husytketzz
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7375
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 777 :
name : ajafksueck
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 8619
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 778 :
name : yrbqrwcwpc
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9529
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 779 :
name : rvvtcfmwjo
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5981
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 780 :
name : xvwyoowsml
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2465
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 781 :
name : mqbjmdoybz
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1483
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 782 :
name : bddxdtnzoz
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3945
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 783 :
name : qberkqwaoy
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5503
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 784 :
name : qzowwsrmrf
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6337
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 785 :
name : dovhggxein
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4723
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 786 :
name : ddjrzgjrub
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6088
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 787 :
name : zswvzcbzgl
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4155
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 788 :
name : gjbqbbymuu
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9136
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 789 :
name : jubfpajsbr
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6887
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 790 :
name : akieclfcxz
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 3942
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 791 :
name : ylczqucbmf
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5356
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 792 :
name : uzjcdnnksm
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7398
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 793 :
name : hddmfvgjyu
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9022
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 794 :
name : nipykvozfg
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5771
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 795 :
name : ruzwieuqps
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8022
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 796 :
name : bratsmqgnx
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9671
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 797 :
name : kfikcqqyhg
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 779
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 798 :
name : ghpgcjsspf
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6616
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 799 :
name : vrxddbvvze
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6519
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 800 :
name : yvdqdgzxyr
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 899
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 801 :
name : ohooktrhot
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2842
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 802 :
name : hnfmfksgit
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3094
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 803 :
name : ikfyarrsbg
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5607
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 804 :
name : jhsqtxbogj
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6048
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 805 :
name : wdmdbovtgw
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3088
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 806 :
name : qkyjbuieio
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3901
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 807 :
name : vgmjmqyhjg
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6411
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 808 :
name : tizuraoagw
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9850
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 809 :
name : yioltabthm
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3097
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 810 :
name : lxpkrgnfit
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8348
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 811 :
name : vpvjcrkdkt
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8107
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 812 :
name : ocodohmdnu
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5118
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 813 :
name : jlwguyzgdk
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1625
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 814 :
name : pypfcfmqjb
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1029
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 815 :
name : btjzbdzbmc
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9021
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 816 :
name : ncuchwjwos
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6221
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 817 :
name : asejrfpqgb
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2636
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 818 :
name : ljjfntexps
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7820
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 819 :
name : euyieqqtgw
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9727
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 820 :
name : bwjkbwfftu
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7972
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 821 :
name : pyznidfyyo
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6202
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 822 :
name : qsdbefykmt
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6793
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 823 :
name : jgilwqobrp
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3232
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 824 :
name : rbzwcfbcpq
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3855
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 825 :
name : ooywzuppxg
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8907
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 826 :
name : fjcgfhljjd
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5730
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 827 :
name : swaqsbmjqk
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5726
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 828 :
name : csyfyfmmox
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2472
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 829 :
name : tktvbnwpzo
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2714
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 830 :
name : cfaambiynw
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4439
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 831 :
name : nvggqjvobu
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7940
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 832 :
name : tvmtxaufyh
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9772
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 833 :
name : jfxsnodkee
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7498
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 834 :
name : onxcgwcbcc
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9054
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 835 :
name : zhjxbwnfir
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 382
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 836 :
name : fiwekdaoge
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2071
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 837 :
name : oraxobvbig
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4418
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 838 :
name : fdxdhjijyo
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3758
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 839 :
name : ztazsodqsn
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3802
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 840 :
name : yyqvexemie
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8102
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 841 :
name : dludnouseo
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3964
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 842 :
name : qnuiiyholp
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8129
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 843 :
name : ptnlzczvue
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5305
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 844 :
name : cgexqoxxci
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9373
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 845 :
name : apjqciscfn
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2624
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 846 :
name : gtomsecpbe
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1509
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 847 :
name : rbjcrmkjor
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9538
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 848 :
name : pvjfjbjlrm
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6825
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 849 :
name : wpsfultevj
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6048
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 850 :
name : wxgfesjodc
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7164
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 851 :
name : oeljmfuhlp
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4196
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 852 :
name : wwscewunma
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7308
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 853 :
name : ragejulebw
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1907
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 854 :
name : bepthtrdie
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 6982
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 855 :
name : wuocazylfa
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1843
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 856 :
name : nuqfpzyhch
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 723
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 857 :
name : ughkljljur
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3929
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 858 :
name : fvpxafwbob
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5248
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 859 :
name : worfycomok
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6948
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 860 :
name : kebaebhaex
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5527
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 861 :
name : lkxcryhfkv
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5459
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 862 :
name : cpudrygazl
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7320
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 863 :
name : kibintgwaq
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 322
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 864 :
name : tpmnuemden
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1536
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 865 :
name : eckimzbsvb
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8250
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 866 :
name : sktfzplnsp
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5010
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 867 :
name : xwgjesihmd
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8326
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 868 :
name : uzzpeyfrmz
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2491
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 869 :
name : obbukfospa
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2939
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 870 :
name : lkfkalkhcw
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 3454
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 871 :
name : pgqsccaqup
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4460
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 872 :
name : vbtdnvoycr
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5077
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 873 :
name : tzmlrqnthh
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8887
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 874 :
name : jvrcafyodc
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5828
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 875 :
name : tgkhrdxexe
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1223
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 876 :
name : wwepbeuzuz
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3472
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 877 :
name : mmwwtnzsuw
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9139
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 878 :
name : lbtrswvnvp
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6274
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 879 :
name : jdehzxubrq
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6361
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 880 :
name : vqyqjrnegi
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6054
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 881 :
name : bypffpecsw
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2781
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 882 :
name : klpkezbrdh
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2503
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 883 :
name : qmnfutwavo
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4561
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 884 :
name : fztujxtloz
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5039
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 885 :
name : popdwlyuov
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 785
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 886 :
name : qaamukjqxa
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2261
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 887 :
name : tjgkoeymbm
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8311
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 888 :
name : akjcwfmhxj
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 302
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 889 :
name : vwtdhhihvl
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 940
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 890 :
name : ivhtyfykpy
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3743
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 891 :
name : yuyrzhyjot
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9860
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 892 :
name : vfyeywmzjb
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2670
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 893 :
name : dmcedblclc
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6960
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 894 :
name : osknyjjkks
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1430
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 895 :
name : fwkjaolosw
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3112
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 896 :
name : isgthfesrq
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1380
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 897 :
name : xuuidvyolq
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1546
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 898 :
name : ucycxhjbab
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9083
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 899 :
name : gsvccbxari
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9596
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 900 :
name : stcsycchfc
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 3020
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 901 :
name : ualqdprcpk
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1335
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 902 :
name : qsavnyxpic
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6990
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 903 :
name : xglkyqaptp
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2748
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 904 :
name : ejzgeohbfp
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1826
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 905 :
name : ugsiqryqit
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6474
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 906 :
name : gnohtsxcvc
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8655
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 907 :
name : oxrgfkzeck
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6553
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 908 :
name : zhenqafnec
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6522
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 909 :
name : qhykpgwpmy
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6936
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 910 :
name : cvtjkllsyp
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 186
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 911 :
name : ssrtcjzyal
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 3479
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 912 :
name : jotezeqkwq
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7583
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 913 :
name : sjkmeoxdmx
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8963
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 914 :
name : uykqeluuvq
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 765
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 915 :
name : cpbmdfaalo
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9988
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 916 :
name : zuqlkvwgrt
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 60
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 917 :
name : jjtkxwraze
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7287
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 918 :
name : wqqpdcmzid
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8527
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 919 :
name : nvzghxfaxe
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4485
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 920 :
name : ajxsadumec
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8099
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 921 :
name : zriyapxhru
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4163
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 922 :
name : rqvokvtfiy
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2734
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 923 :
name : kvxsvzjtga
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 502
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 924 :
name : kqbfhldasn
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6576
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 925 :
name : vhvubqukja
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 685
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 926 :
name : dyrgeyrjym
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4903
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 927 :
name : qgelcfbwsn
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 83
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 928 :
name : owrfcxfvge
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1096
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 929 :
name : bpxfaanewf
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8511
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 930 :
name : fxmydqykme
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6262
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 931 :
name : axmyenatty
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8753
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 932 :
name : krsxsvnqib
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 162
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 933 :
name : witiixxirq
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9595
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 934 :
name : zpxsorpdhx
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3895
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 935 :
name : setlobkolb
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1474
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 936 :
name : bkpycfqsjz
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3322
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 937 :
name : rfemquobib
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6470
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 938 :
name : ycmpdpvvjg
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4919
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 939 :
name : atvgfoavpl
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5755
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 940 :
name : eubqkghhds
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3680
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 941 :
name : jpvevcsvyj
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1904
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 942 :
name : goojfaqoht
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4536
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 943 :
name : xlcspxviuv
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5443
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 944 :
name : ngcdqjdixm
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2405
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 945 :
name : zwtbrjaotx
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 245
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 946 :
name : pqtrwlcbta
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 97
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 947 :
name : pcwifntgbm
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7018
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 948 :
name : owijqevsfq
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 654
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 949 :
name : nsckchzwnb
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8024
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 950 :
name : fxyphqteka
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9825
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 951 :
name : yzaalchnyx
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7386
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 952 :
name : tkstzzjudt
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5635
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 953 :
name : ivnkxapenp
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7199
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 954 :
name : tqtlltmupr
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 559
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 955 :
name : eaerldrakf
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2341
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 956 :
name : tjcnwniijx
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2615
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 957 :
name : tvraocdien
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5994
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 958 :
name : ntxsgtfobp
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 737
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 959 :
name : httyvjdyrj
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6786
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 960 :
name : tgzqyhjgxm
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9041
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 961 :
name : mufhuaqxai
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1891
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 962 :
name : wkqvaqemyb
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 711
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 963 :
name : ydcdmxdcwf
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 8811
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 964 :
name : dxgvviozum
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7581
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 965 :
name : qpptsdsxfq
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1563
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 966 :
name : ugsabnippd
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1155
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 967 :
name : mcybxseprl
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4648
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 968 :
name : yyctafgkvx
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8754
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 969 :
name : ybpwcpoigf
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4062
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 970 :
name : zasbtugbfd
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6101
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 971 :
name : tpljlqacag
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1388
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 972 :
name : plakmtevwj
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1503
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 973 :
name : qydbjqrjss
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9721
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 974 :
name : ocaooojtji
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2028
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 975 :
name : vypacbrtml
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8424
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 976 :
name : euwglkuwfg
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6651
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 977 :
name : hjtymvbfqo
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3679
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 978 :
name : mmgkutwqqc
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5703
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 979 :
name : gvwbwkyzpr
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6160
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 980 :
name : jwdrixneof
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7846
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 981 :
name : odwmguwfwl
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 863
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 982 :
name : kgtnzblmib
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4528
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 983 :
name : mlulzahvhd
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2344
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 984 :
name : koggcgjpur
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3277
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 985 :
name : bswxfvxmsh
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3173
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 986 :
name : pttvzvdjmy
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 147
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 987 :
name : xrbtogqoti
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5899
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 988 :
name : oynjwpgzas
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 843
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 989 :
name : ekkhfbovpj
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 481
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 990 :
name : qewdpsswrs
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 8296
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 991 :
name : srteyafoww
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 457
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 992 :
name : ilzepoyjkr
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5353
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 993 :
name : tvfmbfmhuk
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5339
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 994 :
name : jaaierwcdj
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 75
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 995 :
name : yzjfnkmbrg
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3359
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 996 :
name : tnrtvvntzq
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3150
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 997 :
name : lkdwrqgesa
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4274
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 998 :
name : qhzhdweqpf
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5524
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 999 :
name : eurhqiayos
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8779
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1000 :
name : mpznwejcwy
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 307
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1001 :
name : xpjqybayzp
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3341
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1002 :
name : hgnitlmcqk
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7801
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1003 :
name : dszoiypjwr
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2420
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1004 :
name : oxqdilruoh
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6633
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1005 :
name : rbhqrpqhan
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 285
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1006 :
name : nhsdlarewh
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9987
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1007 :
name : mmetfvlven
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4131
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1008 :
name : icdahqcyuz
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3975
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1009 :
name : futjpahcxl
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2935
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1010 :
name : lqaotkevka
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5988
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1011 :
name : ogthslhzpg
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1471
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1012 :
name : nogpezbjum
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9147
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1013 :
name : djazssmbtb
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4712
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1014 :
name : ynyecddgoa
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9388
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1015 :
name : lbflczeoaz
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6840
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1016 :
name : ozxmezrjff
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1688
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1017 :
name : dpzjbdihsl
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1086
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1018 :
name : fcmcosdiel
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1527
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1019 :
name : kahjlkotrg
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4951
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1020 :
name : fimumcmqkq
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6815
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1021 :
name : azyhkjszfj
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8876
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1022 :
name : vhzhbomogy
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7399
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1023 :
name : zmazwmlqlq
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3006
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1024 :
name : ugcwqekeus
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2668
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1025 :
name : bedddbqorb
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4949
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1026 :
name : tiqyegcqky
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7837
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1027 :
name : rnwvsbyiqs
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5842
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1028 :
name : vetncxugqg
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7986
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1029 :
name : pybnvtpveh
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2146
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1030 :
name : qzgjnkijqa
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9004
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1031 :
name : pcfssanjvr
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9524
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1032 :
name : mppsycfjlv
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8711
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1033 :
name : zfsexmgnvd
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8679
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1034 :
name : eeatyaxdli
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8361
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1035 :
name : awtucsgifd
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5387
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1036 :
name : akkadidaoo
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6732
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1037 :
name : zwksqmkyws
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3627
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1038 :
name : muzwwegzew
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9878
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1039 :
name : zchjwavjat
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9816
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1040 :
name : uvrutqyzrf
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7704
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1041 :
name : glpquossxs
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6161
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1042 :
name : ulilhbdfcv
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1435
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1043 :
name : pqvfgrvyju
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 107
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1044 :
name : hjapxhsapu
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5548
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1045 :
name : frccyittjf
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3705
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1046 :
name : pudslazdao
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4277
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1047 :
name : dctfeuozpz
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7182
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1048 :
name : walzsyztcc
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3121
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1049 :
name : efzzlfvbgl
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6307
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1050 :
name : kbzxbtwcpy
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6187
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1051 :
name : zmiaovhjwn
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4205
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1052 :
name : cbhdykxwmm
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2828
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1053 :
name : qxqyxewgpu
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9326
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1054 :
name : aafjeetdai
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9474
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1055 :
name : euvuuuaqbs
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5911
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1056 :
name : igyqsculhw
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6548
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1057 :
name : tdwoxqiahl
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5837
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1058 :
name : ekicaagwon
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2618
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1059 :
name : pjjnzifkko
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1407
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1060 :
name : kkptmptuoh
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2112
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1061 :
name : zlliaksfud
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3736
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1062 :
name : onifiwwdsk
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6844
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1063 :
name : tfiepiqhpl
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8490
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1064 :
name : dmdntllpod
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 3169
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1065 :
name : bqolwfvnnk
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4035
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1066 :
name : kknnzgakwq
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1529
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1067 :
name : dwmujizexo
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6687
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1068 :
name : rwofjnljxj
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1060
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1069 :
name : hzfttodtsb
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2775
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1070 :
name : ftstydhlng
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4164
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1071 :
name : enmmigaobv
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 841
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1072 :
name : bwfvsdzbqo
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7206
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1073 :
name : qljcxukzil
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 839
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1074 :
name : kerpzjsykk
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 393
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1075 :
name : shndmmxwnh
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1615
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1076 :
name : duoujqfdop
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8941
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1077 :
name : mfebjspiqd
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7662
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1078 :
name : xdeozpeesu
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4214
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1079 :
name : wwzcykupsk
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7076
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1080 :
name : zhqgxqvdwo
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1889
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1081 :
name : rvysxycrox
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6822
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1082 :
name : wqzpwyftbd
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6024
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1083 :
name : zzwarvyumo
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 922
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1084 :
name : rbasqysxst
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4858
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1085 :
name : xbitbzpcvd
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6686
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1086 :
name : gkwieojwlb
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8935
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1087 :
name : nmpxfszwwu
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1672
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1088 :
name : ifveqbszaf
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4045
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1089 :
name : iwuztaruyq
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3012
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1090 :
name : rmhmqxqkyq
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1450
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1091 :
name : srfmsaokvn
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9384
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1092 :
name : pccxruuhgt
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8074
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1093 :
name : eacjnumbgj
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9782
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1094 :
name : nvwrsplnwt
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1401
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1095 :
name : aigcttxfwd
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 8537
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1096 :
name : jaqhrjwewu
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1708
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1097 :
name : vqrbslwrqu
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 620
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1098 :
name : ewxveqecvc
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1939
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1099 :
name : rjajksuimm
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7822
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1100 :
name : qrspoyfsba
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4912
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1101 :
name : fvwfgizarl
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6279
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1102 :
name : sabnrplxjo
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8355
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1103 :
name : bbjzipjkqa
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8583
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1104 :
name : fosibjapil
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9268
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1105 :
name : exkpyufhex
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4655
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1106 :
name : tnmlwqxyhh
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6444
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1107 :
name : ajhkyfgfnl
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 816
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1108 :
name : narbnptmna
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 668
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1109 :
name : znkhzimgqb
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1647
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1110 :
name : cxbvyqmufz
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7500
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1111 :
name : yneiuftinj
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9566
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1112 :
name : emnfjoyvid
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9551
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1113 :
name : ushadbgylt
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6029
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1114 :
name : sruiygyybi
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3879
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1115 :
name : geonetqmre
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3016
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1116 :
name : jcigmimkhp
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9434
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1117 :
name : jnyadetvrn
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9854
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1118 :
name : imlquybgik
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8521
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1119 :
name : qzxozcvuam
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7642
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1120 :
name : uhthanhdws
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1834
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1121 :
name : fageqfjlcj
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7389
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1122 :
name : pgukquxxzt
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9120
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1123 :
name : xtvdyoljzn
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4139
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1124 :
name : ltufdkbdja
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1853
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1125 :
name : jljfqjtdsu
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1242
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1126 :
name : hckdhpniuy
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5068
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1127 :
name : rfscmknhoh
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2108
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1128 :
name : jibvlinash
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7913
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1129 :
name : jtidxuomee
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1183
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1130 :
name : iysltdugeo
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 848
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1131 :
name : veddhaaxne
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7133
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1132 :
name : vwvphotdxz
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 15
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1133 :
name : pklsovvqsk
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5427
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1134 :
name : pfekxnbqra
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2148
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1135 :
name : yomkhchcsz
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2218
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1136 :
name : fwglidbjvs
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2322
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1137 :
name : hzbvliysmq
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1314
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1138 :
name : hyfnknslzn
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6064
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1139 :
name : qvksqxcopr
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9146
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1140 :
name : cvajlmzdzy
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 87
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1141 :
name : vppfjfenut
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6235
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1142 :
name : hcojmzxnfy
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9309
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1143 :
name : yrnnywtdkp
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2449
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1144 :
name : jmtzvhbvug
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7613
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1145 :
name : eytsosohvy
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1166
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1146 :
name : fbkaahhbcd
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7563
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1147 :
name : nwwiqkaetx
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3158
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1148 :
name : rbidelknmn
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1872
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1149 :
name : jqlfzbsbil
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9270
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1150 :
name : mnoxqskagy
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4209
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1151 :
name : mntxtuznvh
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5857
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1152 :
name : hsfvrvobyw
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6354
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1153 :
name : xkhqhckipi
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5425
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1154 :
name : xupesgcijc
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 3942
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1155 :
name : nwvvpcxzln
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9480
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1156 :
name : anoqrgyvqk
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4936
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1157 :
name : geubzjfxks
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9566
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1158 :
name : ptvfjookke
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8468
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1159 :
name : yzdsccdhbo
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7133
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1160 :
name : qqcnxlblxn
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4074
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1161 :
name : vthyojdrtg
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8865
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1162 :
name : ejogwluaxr
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5928
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1163 :
name : tefdetohnh
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9567
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1164 :
name : aqxqzuctwb
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5469
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1165 :
name : eraluehiou
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2991
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1166 :
name : ezicphyrcu
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 814
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1167 :
name : zsdzexeliu
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 913
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1168 :
name : qexainiggm
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1170
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1169 :
name : qhitgotmbb
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8516
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1170 :
name : bylzztojbw
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1170
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1171 :
name : ppszkyndlo
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1191
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1172 :
name : fnarozmeio
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3030
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1173 :
name : cruwsevfii
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8060
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1174 :
name : fapgtdfgho
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1245
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1175 :
name : zuetqwzndh
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9437
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1176 :
name : cgwrmpwuxf
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1897
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1177 :
name : cffgyxfxli
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2778
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1178 :
name : glocecuawt
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3142
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1179 :
name : cxrhgrglrr
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8739
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1180 :
name : jluzpyclaa
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2358
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1181 :
name : vyenhkgnvx
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4042
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1182 :
name : gqkaqbaupc
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8124
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1183 :
name : qbsuqzgwod
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4424
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1184 :
name : syxeapibjx
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8928
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1185 :
name : lhmddcejys
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 597
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1186 :
name : waktgmiopt
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1190
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1187 :
name : krtwuwayfy
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2690
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1188 :
name : fhcrdjdlzv
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5583
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1189 :
name : csjxqfvqgc
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6480
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1190 :
name : vqvajyjpmk
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 58
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1191 :
name : revcbnhwdp
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1695
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1192 :
name : cqxyqhwbwk
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4244
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1193 :
name : gcmbgnoojt
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4344
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1194 :
name : wyutynavqw
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5525
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1195 :
name : mrwyvdlltw
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6468
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1196 :
name : lstintxoqn
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7007
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1197 :
name : mfcigxltle
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2214
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1198 :
name : zliuvvosle
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9525
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1199 :
name : lnyqwenhya
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3445
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1200 :
name : iscqnxobrz
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8482
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1201 :
name : svorlkxbtx
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9508
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1202 :
name : fexjxkjlna
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1940
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1203 :
name : agaqznaxov
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5874
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1204 :
name : jrugarsjef
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6245
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1205 :
name : enngfpufmi
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3959
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1206 :
name : qtjlamesvj
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9777
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1207 :
name : lgmapspjzd
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5391
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1208 :
name : eogqbgcgaz
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5672
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1209 :
name : gijskykajk
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6867
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1210 :
name : bytjoupscp
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7955
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1211 :
name : siaddldnnm
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7910
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1212 :
name : vtkocalrsn
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4996
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1213 :
name : btweyzrcpe
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1679
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1214 :
name : khzwvbwiuq
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5941
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1215 :
name : qkymozmfbd
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3210
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1216 :
name : aukbthdpqx
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3205
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1217 :
name : icfgqufebi
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4149
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1218 :
name : ddtpemwjem
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 321
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1219 :
name : xtcdcuzjzc
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7734
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1220 :
name : mzoiqvumea
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8139
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1221 :
name : ozuqeyldkm
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3685
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1222 :
name : gjbutrpodw
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 14
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1223 :
name : ktfhkjhxor
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3240
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1224 :
name : vlewgxnxnt
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3056
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1225 :
name : dpckyotgnj
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5208
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1226 :
name : xspbpxbexo
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8535
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1227 :
name : danglnwgtk
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5339
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1228 :
name : ouigyzfzgc
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9736
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1229 :
name : sldfrqvqwq
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5952
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1230 :
name : bdgmlelsdr
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 68
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1231 :
name : bkmesfunvr
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7472
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1232 :
name : rqrxccdqwg
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 793
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1233 :
name : bkwnqqsldq
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7656
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1234 :
name : bcqubuyekv
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6285
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1235 :
name : aoqybhovsr
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 548
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1236 :
name : zgopbrjzyw
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1539
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1237 :
name : ylppjswzqq
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7597
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1238 :
name : bsnrhojtpj
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7634
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1239 :
name : xjioyrhwqx
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6947
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1240 :
name : hiuuzdkkyb
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 394
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1241 :
name : iqkqeijlhb
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1352
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1242 :
name : nwkjslmcwl
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5961
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1243 :
name : bbyludvfqe
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2259
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1244 :
name : gfmsogddib
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3288
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1245 :
name : bvkaiefgjx
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8359
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1246 :
name : susgohmsmw
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2627
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1247 :
name : squcqcixiu
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2321
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1248 :
name : xreqaszmmn
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2174
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1249 :
name : ppmjuemcdu
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2698
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1250 :
name : ziqdyqxzdm
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4721
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1251 :
name : stchcylqbr
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7386
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1252 :
name : obteetveta
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 839
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1253 :
name : deghnkgbdj
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 287
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1254 :
name : txsodyhaca
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 799
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1255 :
name : vxndhappbs
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1477
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1256 :
name : bdbvrfvbha
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4369
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1257 :
name : dkcqpjsfau
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8042
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1258 :
name : ulovihcdik
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9279
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1259 :
name : admctbnlin
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 852
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1260 :
name : yrfoopxrsg
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4725
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1261 :
name : xzdjeynrlv
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 850
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1262 :
name : zujgkzviqq
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3203
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1263 :
name : qjwvvctite
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4906
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1264 :
name : rmtcvecqmu
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7243
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1265 :
name : mszknwmggi
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2411
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1266 :
name : jenfgklkbz
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7324
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1267 :
name : tjguuuticz
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4838
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1268 :
name : ooketqogbr
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4170
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1269 :
name : rdmzyitrtw
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5892
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1270 :
name : tufdaawphz
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9012
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1271 :
name : keayeajztc
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 788
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1272 :
name : ceqjkrjggq
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5332
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1273 :
name : ayecwkdfky
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1321
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1274 :
name : gzzxkjqtrw
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 975
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1275 :
name : mrirtgdymn
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7322
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1276 :
name : putqtdbjxs
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9307
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1277 :
name : yerixmpanb
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8899
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1278 :
name : rctmtmquvp
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2167
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1279 :
name : yeapmzbbbo
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2647
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1280 :
name : awhviaiawf
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3875
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1281 :
name : elvgajfeng
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 6345
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1282 :
name : exslsdnadk
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5764
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1283 :
name : owwlcwxhck
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6368
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1284 :
name : yupshhxvkb
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9081
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1285 :
name : exgaiizhrb
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1807
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1286 :
name : qtuhnbplyb
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9976
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1287 :
name : fqjltttubk
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5213
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1288 :
name : sqioyyqnjo
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7149
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1289 :
name : iqbtbwmuqp
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5689
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1290 :
name : xveijcgbrr
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 819
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1291 :
name : bwkcplzdhr
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9430
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1292 :
name : xapekyiqaa
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5400
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1293 :
name : gacqdteewn
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5034
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1294 :
name : xevmifmryo
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1205
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1295 :
name : mkhqdmlhqk
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9516
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1296 :
name : wybtmmabfa
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 287
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1297 :
name : pkrydulqdd
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 68
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1298 :
name : qabutqgvrl
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2240
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1299 :
name : rvritwcgmh
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9594
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1300 :
name : mwrpqkhyhy
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8220
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1301 :
name : nngeyaacin
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9525
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1302 :
name : rhuiymugkd
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7524
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1303 :
name : sbizhgbklj
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2407
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1304 :
name : cszycxmyfy
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1566
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1305 :
name : ofeyemhhws
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7630
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1306 :
name : hyqiwuhiun
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5774
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1307 :
name : arphsvtzcr
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2315
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1308 :
name : mrpezoagwu
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5952
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1309 :
name : dxcsewnzxp
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9767
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1310 :
name : dursyqgayf
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6779
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1311 :
name : wtpaltwbut
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2580
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1312 :
name : lhocaougov
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2478
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1313 :
name : fwvvwgqvjl
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7606
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1314 :
name : unqissxoyn
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5127
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1315 :
name : agjvdidvdn
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 662
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1316 :
name : zcnrmfjjvk
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 8735
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1317 :
name : lznxwqfzmk
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1338
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1318 :
name : dhgqytxkes
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9730
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1319 :
name : fdduazlfbz
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9766
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1320 :
name : aciiuibrsi
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 738
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1321 :
name : qsitmkvzsw
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2468
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1322 :
name : oykwggfkzz
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1243
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1323 :
name : svqcpcnmcf
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1343
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1324 :
name : zmylihuprt
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4089
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1325 :
name : cxkuabxpnb
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3220
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1326 :
name : gpggdrnxge
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2460
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1327 :
name : ezcoueptvc
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4944
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1328 :
name : rhxaoardzz
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6834
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1329 :
name : dbofrklgfg
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4156
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1330 :
name : jbkgbaisdh
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4341
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1331 :
name : nwqbdinros
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3904
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1332 :
name : xkjhsmjcgp
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8221
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1333 :
name : rwqizusoni
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1704
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1334 :
name : sbxdkrqwty
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6207
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1335 :
name : thmjrofjes
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8972
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1336 :
name : uvtsyelqaf
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2448
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1337 :
name : bilqscgznk
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4122
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1338 :
name : qthjnhpzyr
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8227
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1339 :
name : jvlulfzreo
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5682
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1340 :
name : jtrqcgyuhy
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2634
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1341 :
name : pdcczphaio
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3685
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1342 :
name : kyhdqmlqgt
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1295
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1343 :
name : prsrvsifsq
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3091
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1344 :
name : sryawqmihu
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 990
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1345 :
name : dzqvsnpbsi
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5560
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1346 :
name : tomtojkctr
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2731
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1347 :
name : loedmxrbyl
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1554
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1348 :
name : uadgutrevk
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1115
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1349 :
name : mzvsehrvir
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5616
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1350 :
name : ycbdkvwebt
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6787
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1351 :
name : qlllfpuxnd
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4756
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1352 :
name : axkbawzyaa
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4380
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1353 :
name : nwdyjinehc
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3203
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1354 :
name : givslxpkwr
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4709
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1355 :
name : azrfzcqoix
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1016
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1356 :
name : tajquxpjhn
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9402
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1357 :
name : yofptgtjvc
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9924
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1358 :
name : xzhircfhln
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 588
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1359 :
name : oxqvolcivx
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7292
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1360 :
name : sgmapfcuop
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 3061
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1361 :
name : ihkaeylgii
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6513
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1362 :
name : blkplbunwl
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1519
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1363 :
name : ishssmrgub
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2581
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1364 :
name : cgfoxqqtfo
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5378
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1365 :
name : ylpfdjtwpq
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1605
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1366 :
name : marsqokgjq
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1191
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1367 :
name : wsbnzhxvdo
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1287
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1368 :
name : frbyluoway
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9015
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1369 :
name : emlicmpzhs
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8759
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1370 :
name : xptbqevgcx
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7333
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1371 :
name : rzvejxryya
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9984
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1372 :
name : uopnrhumny
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6580
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1373 :
name : zznuewtxwt
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3764
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1374 :
name : epvvcmcyaq
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2659
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1375 :
name : ynvokbmfaj
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4663
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1376 :
name : hmhfimtmmu
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 6439
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1377 :
name : eppbfbdrgf
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8820
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1378 :
name : ymchrmvkyi
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2974
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1379 :
name : tskkwplbjt
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4410
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1380 :
name : qmgstzgpjf
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7143
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1381 :
name : fldqxzhias
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1323
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1382 :
name : axggsafyrq
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 493
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1383 :
name : tvuynrxwcx
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9168
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1384 :
name : cbmijgkqfd
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8426
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1385 :
name : cozwmoplkt
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1460
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1386 :
name : qrffcqlogs
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8466
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1387 :
name : fnyglmudxg
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5247
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1388 :
name : qqqwvuojiv
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3473
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1389 :
name : wndutrgnud
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6535
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1390 :
name : iwjauewjnf
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5208
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1391 :
name : xoldiewqss
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1553
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1392 :
name : drsosnsqwi
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8856
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1393 :
name : yeijjsqfkk
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6133
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1394 :
name : unfobzbvqz
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7010
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1395 :
name : zfzhqibiol
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 6467
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1396 :
name : gokmdllejb
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2964
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1397 :
name : ljcksuvwdl
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8675
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1398 :
name : wieguhuiod
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3904
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1399 :
name : qoqualpxju
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3134
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1400 :
name : jffonzxhjn
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8494
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1401 :
name : rapjvswmpf
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6543
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1402 :
name : wjobzbdylm
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5276
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1403 :
name : jqkacfsyri
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3403
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1404 :
name : rclhgmkjnx
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9426
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1405 :
name : istssxxlxq
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5596
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1406 :
name : uwqfdwupfh
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8035
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1407 :
name : mubhnwemhc
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1396
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1408 :
name : tqdlyihsxo
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1171
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1409 :
name : cbxfjmbpyk
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8903
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1410 :
name : twuwhseqme
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2433
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1411 :
name : raeoinajea
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 103
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1412 :
name : iezcaixhyj
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8042
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1413 :
name : budfilukwb
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1236
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1414 :
name : czjbdljasj
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7042
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1415 :
name : robwwmjsyg
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9361
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1416 :
name : fwbqzhckhu
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2569
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1417 :
name : jexmctamlz
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3117
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1418 :
name : lcaosbvwof
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2083
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1419 :
name : jccgoebrqo
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5872
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1420 :
name : zllbcfexcs
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6153
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1421 :
name : cqsewiixzb
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7498
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1422 :
name : wkdjlfppft
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3401
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1423 :
name : gsiawgkgdk
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8756
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1424 :
name : ttmxdzeuqj
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1460
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1425 :
name : nnkyniexpk
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 504
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1426 :
name : fgrtfwskqi
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1936
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1427 :
name : dibqgqykpp
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7541
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1428 :
name : newgxccrou
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9622
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1429 :
name : psmqkuijgy
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5668
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1430 :
name : pghlmgpryd
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1086
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1431 :
name : vejhvwdfhj
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6581
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1432 :
name : pxiwlucanc
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4101
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1433 :
name : tqsfzpbcvi
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9636
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1434 :
name : rpizltwpuj
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9735
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1435 :
name : ysnrzmiaqd
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4901
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1436 :
name : rxqzydtuvp
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5762
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1437 :
name : mrfzkensgd
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8727
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1438 :
name : kzrcypgtmb
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5603
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1439 :
name : dlfjmrnzmw
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2491
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1440 :
name : ivrbxrtflh
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4302
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1441 :
name : reixnxqcwc
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6631
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1442 :
name : gxjxbipuoc
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 706
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1443 :
name : wxbhwqenuc
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5568
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1444 :
name : tmfcmgldcb
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2998
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1445 :
name : udlxkhnoui
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7840
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1446 :
name : npgsusbhvf
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4182
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1447 :
name : acmnzwvnmr
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6474
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1448 :
name : znqghmaktw
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7295
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1449 :
name : jhmxvmvsbh
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9561
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1450 :
name : mqneywqzjl
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1365
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1451 :
name : zjplimzeea
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8489
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1452 :
name : ymbnscmlbv
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7977
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1453 :
name : goixbrkbvq
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2201
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1454 :
name : vayzoqbabe
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2469
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1455 :
name : dbdmagdkha
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6311
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1456 :
name : ujnuidlldo
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8195
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1457 :
name : fyakkbrply
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4940
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1458 :
name : wapkvzngmt
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 334
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1459 :
name : vqwvdjwuyk
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8171
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1460 :
name : gcyxmtyczk
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7518
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1461 :
name : lnbilerhyr
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8648
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1462 :
name : hcbgaqbasd
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1808
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1463 :
name : kmzlwksnts
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1218
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1464 :
name : mbjojlelmy
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7732
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1465 :
name : yzpzmljgaf
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5417
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1466 :
name : xbcgrmsxxg
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4964
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1467 :
name : ikdamrlxao
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4622
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1468 :
name : arqcahquep
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5733
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1469 :
name : gralrmffjf
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8169
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1470 :
name : vuamwavpuc
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7508
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1471 :
name : trwvdqjixs
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4377
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1472 :
name : psgpeeratn
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8188
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1473 :
name : qccoxhegrd
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4472
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1474 :
name : jywrpawicr
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5154
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1475 :
name : ewshlsorag
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3453
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1476 :
name : scnotfornt
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3200
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1477 :
name : rjqkqdegug
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4017
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1478 :
name : zvmolftzzj
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4763
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1479 :
name : pnvhznkdwh
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2667
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1480 :
name : ixkulvchxb
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6406
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1481 :
name : zddvlckxig
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3540
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1482 :
name : gnntkaqohp
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 268
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1483 :
name : ybrbyegjdo
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3487
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1484 :
name : atcpmmpcax
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2611
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1485 :
name : kbxdfxjlim
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5051
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1486 :
name : lldoarcpwf
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 633
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1487 :
name : uxutczqlkz
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1176
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1488 :
name : lhhrvhiazg
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1595
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1489 :
name : pzzmsblloy
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8034
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1490 :
name : iaprrnzcna
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1236
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1491 :
name : qwbrivvwgj
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6132
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1492 :
name : hrgzjzmkdb
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3688
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1493 :
name : yrrzlcxgyd
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8875
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1494 :
name : fyvnxgnlsq
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7119
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1495 :
name : zmxrnitmqt
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7376
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1496 :
name : svzpjwxykp
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9396
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1497 :
name : xwcunreiew
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5712
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1498 :
name : eljdcsbasl
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5459
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1499 :
name : cgcgcszicf
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9666
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1500 :
name : pnlzqotsom
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6836
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1501 :
name : dxwhfabfkg
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5093
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1502 :
name : mfnyegmyac
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2054
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1503 :
name : aoawxgzbnj
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 173
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1504 :
name : cfvpfbxtbx
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 176
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1505 :
name : ihoifoqgpf
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3478
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1506 :
name : wwytlevjzw
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9961
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1507 :
name : kvnbgspwzg
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2933
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1508 :
name : xjhvdubyfb
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 249
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1509 :
name : gtztuhnldo
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1432
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1510 :
name : uwedthyvhf
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6590
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1511 :
name : zgdazzhmmm
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8537
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1512 :
name : sdcwgvfgsm
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5723
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1513 :
name : aiyfkxgtms
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1532
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1514 :
name : fwcjvleatz
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2932
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1515 :
name : khbiomiufu
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2136
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1516 :
name : guqldnwjnr
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1616
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1517 :
name : sksvuijccr
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4415
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1518 :
name : yqzqbedzos
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4602
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1519 :
name : klkfhhnqjq
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1383
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1520 :
name : oohneksjli
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1627
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1521 :
name : hnjtuqahim
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2795
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1522 :
name : nwuxlahflt
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3460
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1523 :
name : ufgfyavzjg
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9829
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1524 :
name : gwrctecdmn
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8360
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1525 :
name : ureaxdauem
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4378
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1526 :
name : qiwjksnmvz
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1864
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1527 :
name : czjjagmcds
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 670
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1528 :
name : jdqhobzcpw
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6508
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1529 :
name : hlvruxzicc
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3515
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1530 :
name : sujidyldcb
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6637
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1531 :
name : qabnrvnrdp
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3992
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1532 :
name : pxmzipzvud
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6967
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1533 :
name : aipbwhyjab
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8041
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1534 :
name : yzamykezgy
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3455
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1535 :
name : lpddqzmrkm
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6846
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1536 :
name : kbvnqvxuud
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6067
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1537 :
name : debijukvlu
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5044
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1538 :
name : dfmyuctswp
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1320
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1539 :
name : ziodtxxdvk
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9370
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1540 :
name : ajhmjbqetm
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4095
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1541 :
name : oihelabifw
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2598
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1542 :
name : clwjzgnpkg
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5808
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1543 :
name : ywuhafjdpo
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1701
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1544 :
name : djgcviiixu
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 8751
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1545 :
name : pofjvhreki
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5597
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1546 :
name : pqfvsadckd
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4629
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1547 :
name : nqgubdbuhn
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5451
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1548 :
name : vmgajacncm
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2684
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1549 :
name : hltofxrirb
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7719
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1550 :
name : stdavnayce
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4332
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1551 :
name : kjdezkdssu
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5132
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1552 :
name : ksiotfdtfh
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 708
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1553 :
name : vrgaxfmaae
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6566
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1554 :
name : iymsohyrcd
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 554
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1555 :
name : tabbcyhobj
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8285
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1556 :
name : yamktbttuv
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6021
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1557 :
name : hrdksflbwm
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5807
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1558 :
name : ynjmzcpsxk
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2198
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1559 :
name : lzkojdwues
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9233
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1560 :
name : tutchugwod
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5979
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1561 :
name : udsetdjpaq
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7570
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1562 :
name : ppzktgezfs
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1144
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1563 :
name : qamiffoqxo
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6685
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1564 :
name : bctbmmjslo
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2445
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1565 :
name : nyyzjfgxwd
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2301
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1566 :
name : qlwmolyxdm
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2008
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1567 :
name : dfyegjjmgh
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8175
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1568 :
name : eyqckenldr
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4558
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1569 :
name : hiqhmyrxnz
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 760
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1570 :
name : yzlqbywpjz
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2208
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1571 :
name : ecuxjivcii
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2304
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1572 :
name : evjsnkqjbb
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4648
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1573 :
name : xigshsccuk
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6628
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1574 :
name : jlqsdddtmg
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7733
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1575 :
name : yekfwrxbwr
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5199
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1576 :
name : jucapfduas
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2522
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1577 :
name : rtieagxxhv
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7061
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1578 :
name : asccutkxnm
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1896
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1579 :
name : oafyefhbeq
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7816
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1580 :
name : tfxwkrrwpf
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3392
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1581 :
name : hkpnktsrux
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9965
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1582 :
name : xpgvnsmeod
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 313
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1583 :
name : boeqbpltgh
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7376
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1584 :
name : cmdkjqfxwv
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4943
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1585 :
name : pqctifitbr
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3194
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1586 :
name : xhuaudszap
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2888
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1587 :
name : lgkqzsvknw
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9555
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1588 :
name : yibskvvdux
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6080
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1589 :
name : tepeupwsbk
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5271
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1590 :
name : tgwwahrxmn
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6283
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1591 :
name : nrddvauusv
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 210
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1592 :
name : ndbmacvtzh
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2564
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1593 :
name : mcmrhhrddj
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3587
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1594 :
name : npvobvswqu
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8177
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1595 :
name : lgrxxygpek
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4180
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1596 :
name : nltkcwhusx
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 430
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1597 :
name : juxctubzlh
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2626
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1598 :
name : ruukeyglsa
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2830
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1599 :
name : qrmnvfkygv
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3368
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1600 :
name : uitqvzodmg
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8808
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1601 :
name : juxvjsctrl
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7548
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1602 :
name : euyxktyyyk
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7569
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1603 :
name : miejfnekhv
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9412
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1604 :
name : jetjbfebec
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4226
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1605 :
name : pgtvrzivlr
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1728
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1606 :
name : qzmlipqmqw
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6184
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1607 :
name : tmeohwpsta
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9857
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1608 :
name : qtdcglryzh
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 933
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1609 :
name : hzznojjdbf
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 374
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1610 :
name : zficjqnbpo
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8610
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1611 :
name : qesqrgbdle
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1481
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1612 :
name : gcpqgyjvzy
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8935
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1613 :
name : cdjuvccwfq
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8348
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1614 :
name : rawgtcfcxg
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8857
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1615 :
name : xqyinvlrrq
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7277
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1616 :
name : yimxpfzwjz
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 346
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1617 :
name : cqrcbgxmyq
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5020
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1618 :
name : xjhjgwqhuz
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2521
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1619 :
name : lsicxjlwxj
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9269
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1620 :
name : pxxwifuymo
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4165
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1621 :
name : cwfmzexmbu
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9574
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1622 :
name : haqeyylszy
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8316
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1623 :
name : ivgnjhsgtv
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7174
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1624 :
name : hfgxlfyxxz
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5978
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1625 :
name : jawspfbjnv
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3724
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1626 :
name : rdryafface
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9691
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1627 :
name : lkvjcmoewd
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3737
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1628 :
name : didwgfbngf
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4737
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1629 :
name : bpvyzxnpdl
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1338
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1630 :
name : pqfunnaqai
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6778
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1631 :
name : agjvgkutzy
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7329
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1632 :
name : bluggjtiav
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8696
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1633 :
name : ijitgpddkd
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 6180
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1634 :
name : blywtghpqh
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9218
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1635 :
name : gibobkffnq
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6482
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1636 :
name : ujmuhgboxt
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6649
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1637 :
name : ujrxyuhdbw
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4315
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1638 :
name : owcarliuzf
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1892
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1639 :
name : anktlipuor
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4015
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1640 :
name : xtkbudmezo
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3024
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1641 :
name : ofuzafjpbx
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4774
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1642 :
name : xmvjqpneum
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5932
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1643 :
name : kwqevqlfho
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 376
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1644 :
name : lmrgwhwlms
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2145
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1645 :
name : lpldtgvglc
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3297
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1646 :
name : zqurxsavdm
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6332
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1647 :
name : jeyuhtbcbo
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2865
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1648 :
name : ocuivtawof
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7364
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1649 :
name : vpavjhpmls
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1517
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1650 :
name : uxzqhulhqb
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1637
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1651 :
name : cxxeujnlxy
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3502
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1652 :
name : oqjpgrjtaa
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9932
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1653 :
name : neqnikwvyt
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2099
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1654 :
name : gfnpuvgfph
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6849
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1655 :
name : raqjnbvjyt
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2164
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1656 :
name : ugshwmectt
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2836
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1657 :
name : renjnaklll
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5464
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1658 :
name : syzkhvylzr
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8543
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1659 :
name : idfvmuwzfj
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2884
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1660 :
name : ulotxvovgn
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7139
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1661 :
name : bregmtakug
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5587
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1662 :
name : krkakhxaef
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6646
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1663 :
name : urwbxlwyxq
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7685
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1664 :
name : vkkhkxojxu
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5451
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1665 :
name : wevshtfdrd
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 451
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1666 :
name : rohcvtzlcy
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8045
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1667 :
name : otglmpetuv
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9679
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1668 :
name : rowasrvtcx
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3285
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1669 :
name : sucafqrkjl
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1479
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1670 :
name : kttgwmxrfb
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7325
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1671 :
name : ubxwddmupy
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2533
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1672 :
name : ltwgzssyja
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8442
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1673 :
name : dhmcgphulw
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6152
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1674 :
name : vlwtsvlmvx
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3072
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1675 :
name : jrtxtbnbva
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5392
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1676 :
name : ysavluszgo
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4093
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1677 :
name : wiargvsvwn
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6826
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1678 :
name : upmwmaqezy
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9504
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1679 :
name : adhcwnyokw
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 3801
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1680 :
name : pdpbzbbrhc
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8398
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1681 :
name : almjoiymyi
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1990
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1682 :
name : pwpgxohbfr
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2540
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1683 :
name : cjrosfyqtw
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2212
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1684 :
name : mhjbngsxhz
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6679
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1685 :
name : elhwbzdzrz
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1770
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1686 :
name : skrdohjiet
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1959
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1687 :
name : emolipmoof
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 391
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1688 :
name : koycrojcyp
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1642
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1689 :
name : mleayopmcf
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7569
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1690 :
name : febfiuttzt
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5364
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1691 :
name : sdrwdslsgp
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6804
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1692 :
name : uyzyehszat
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7791
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1693 :
name : wqepnhhabo
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1255
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1694 :
name : ltulraulbv
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9988
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1695 :
name : hvllmavuay
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 3328
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1696 :
name : unhqyaqtnu
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2119
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1697 :
name : leqwsdypzy
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6506
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1698 :
name : dlambbouwc
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4191
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1699 :
name : srqkpinnxm
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9992
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1700 :
name : mgopvrqjno
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3189
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1701 :
name : ngddqtngim
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9306
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1702 :
name : cgjsvejnox
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5901
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1703 :
name : ktvowojmut
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6978
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1704 :
name : udrevoihcy
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 631
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1705 :
name : rtcpjaduoz
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2076
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1706 :
name : yburfpfqwj
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2676
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1707 :
name : aieexneaht
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2069
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1708 :
name : yohshoknei
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5528
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1709 :
name : wpratqpasw
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8759
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1710 :
name : ydyhwgvivc
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8118
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1711 :
name : gzyabsqssj
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9905
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1712 :
name : mjvlstrpbm
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7334
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1713 :
name : qtxpvajltd
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7565
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1714 :
name : knffyxbpne
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3375
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1715 :
name : wzovqjvzwq
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8173
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1716 :
name : uehamgzpxo
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7120
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1717 :
name : oqlclenidj
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2061
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1718 :
name : yvlgxzmzoj
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2839
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1719 :
name : wwvkaionrt
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6564
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1720 :
name : iaqtioswni
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3346
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1721 :
name : xqhsckdsxw
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6239
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1722 :
name : jzczskpmic
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9274
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1723 :
name : slazdelixj
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4116
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1724 :
name : jdanduzshh
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6454
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1725 :
name : gwcixinjqm
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 274
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1726 :
name : xptzcwweqd
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5795
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1727 :
name : arpcbpkqyb
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8899
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1728 :
name : nzmgarewvv
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5507
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1729 :
name : ekmvmpkzgk
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1571
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1730 :
name : enlswnjakg
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7386
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1731 :
name : kmhwhwluvt
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5533
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1732 :
name : qpodjkqvnc
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7075
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1733 :
name : pcexaovmis
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8812
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1734 :
name : sbqigavzxi
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1923
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1735 :
name : ljxriyffmn
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5401
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1736 :
name : diiuqpwlqt
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6260
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1737 :
name : obymsimana
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7562
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1738 :
name : axmjteapqq
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7872
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1739 :
name : yueyiziwzx
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2756
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1740 :
name : nshzbagdry
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4698
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1741 :
name : pdctdmsmir
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3261
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1742 :
name : siqzktzqwq
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9340
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1743 :
name : dqcgkguesf
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5442
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1744 :
name : lyjdxvwylu
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5724
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1745 :
name : lovpwfvrjp
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1076
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1746 :
name : txpecozzmm
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7968
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1747 :
name : syenncujvf
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4532
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1748 :
name : greyvgmvhb
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9716
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1749 :
name : vrobgbfamb
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3913
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1750 :
name : bfbhdxqpux
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1789
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1751 :
name : uvrkwxobxc
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3970
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1752 :
name : ccmfmpechy
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1679
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1753 :
name : ccuunsrdwr
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7067
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1754 :
name : fbgsishnuq
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8593
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1755 :
name : rqimmxedaa
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1200
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1756 :
name : echkwqcffy
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6079
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1757 :
name : bhyltkiypk
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 47
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1758 :
name : aiokukcxsh
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1590
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1759 :
name : fxldihprhf
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 856
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1760 :
name : fyxwirikoa
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8327
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1761 :
name : uyeidnrtgy
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8156
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1762 :
name : wchtyrlhdb
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4936
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1763 :
name : xumbeqqvjw
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1363
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1764 :
name : pbkyvjpiss
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2665
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1765 :
name : eayrdehwcs
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 672
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1766 :
name : nrgxpbiglc
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7883
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1767 :
name : jvdjojoxfs
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8200
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1768 :
name : wjrcgjfprq
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 157
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1769 :
name : shhxqvigsn
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1384
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1770 :
name : pmoiovrvml
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2428
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1771 :
name : pxmzveudlp
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 913
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1772 :
name : gxpuffrzad
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 8950
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1773 :
name : oiqchngctr
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5146
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1774 :
name : gxtyuadlbe
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7746
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1775 :
name : msnduuqcyj
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4654
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1776 :
name : thimhcplqq
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4935
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1777 :
name : kxfxcbusds
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9587
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1778 :
name : xvmfjtkyea
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9520
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1779 :
name : whfbfjcbbf
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5040
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1780 :
name : jeevmnpyov
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2012
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1781 :
name : bhjiiqrkru
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7773
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1782 :
name : jkdphpcyps
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5076
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1783 :
name : zqhjarztbt
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5259
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1784 :
name : eafhpmyuln
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9147
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1785 :
name : glonwoewhh
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9283
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1786 :
name : xfmcnconyb
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 595
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1787 :
name : eoksdgikep
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6327
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1788 :
name : ysckuroleo
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1852
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1789 :
name : zbdjugqeqw
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5013
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1790 :
name : qgasswjjhq
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6394
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1791 :
name : masrjoabvs
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9693
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1792 :
name : kifkdzimkq
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5779
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1793 :
name : fokziuqixl
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7025
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1794 :
name : bryidbhlpu
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2449
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1795 :
name : oumzwuvmes
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7805
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1796 :
name : fcdfmgitty
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4247
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1797 :
name : qijchfzetd
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4945
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1798 :
name : ywzdbllkgf
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3439
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1799 :
name : ouxxwgevkx
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6258
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1800 :
name : mmvlrzydlf
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7608
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1801 :
name : qctqcrwgnj
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 853
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1802 :
name : torpzjoyoz
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9077
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1803 :
name : vyqqoshnbw
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1361
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1804 :
name : qjwhaysqyg
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1363
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1805 :
name : skjlaading
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2604
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1806 :
name : aloyurynhw
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4302
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1807 :
name : owbahballp
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8789
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1808 :
name : hlwvjsmifw
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1342
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1809 :
name : nyzoyhqaud
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4806
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1810 :
name : gajeyvxmde
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 8686
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1811 :
name : ktumjuvzxr
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1073
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1812 :
name : fjkqnklmxo
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 6561
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1813 :
name : vlkrztmwvj
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2758
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1814 :
name : jajurzgcld
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4386
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1815 :
name : cssmktfypa
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3001
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1816 :
name : bsymoplutz
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9392
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1817 :
name : mpcgbozimq
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 6207
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1818 :
name : soxqdlhoia
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2794
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1819 :
name : ajmeqpsrxg
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3782
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1820 :
name : jwmgmputge
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5467
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1821 :
name : jpavuskolj
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9461
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1822 :
name : qhweqjwmec
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1532
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1823 :
name : qphqkdkwrv
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5044
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1824 :
name : rrwnwoyscf
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6402
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1825 :
name : zjpibbllxe
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3078
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1826 :
name : itwgiuxhmb
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4899
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1827 :
name : ywnqeorrcp
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4309
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1828 :
name : ybkujsqgbc
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5895
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1829 :
name : qgjdwqtohx
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2451
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1830 :
name : zzzjwjemrh
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8834
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1831 :
name : mtsxyonsex
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4045
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1832 :
name : dbkcngntsf
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7359
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1833 :
name : spiknhacbf
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3951
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1834 :
name : bjwnnltden
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5464
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1835 :
name : mmzwwodztg
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5166
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1836 :
name : tzlpmbcfgg
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8204
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1837 :
name : zgxacvpiuk
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3615
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1838 :
name : hhwuylvbqb
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9596
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1839 :
name : eznbcqwtar
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2346
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1840 :
name : sqnpllaios
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1185
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1841 :
name : nlabmcrlvr
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8232
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1842 :
name : lqyyhlmjtc
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2229
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1843 :
name : bxadynfryc
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8825
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1844 :
name : jftjdawrjq
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7934
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1845 :
name : oxtpatchkc
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4745
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1846 :
name : jzrdkwdhop
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4229
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1847 :
name : yngucingsy
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7595
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1848 :
name : gbuxeeuknk
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1641
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1849 :
name : cdakxetnmn
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3249
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1850 :
name : lorflykhkx
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5393
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1851 :
name : zupbephzet
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 3236
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1852 :
name : jqocwccilm
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1578
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1853 :
name : jsqbvxscww
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3612
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1854 :
name : pzgeecggkr
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5061
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1855 :
name : vcinddkxij
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1691
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1856 :
name : kzzqfdvnkh
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8702
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1857 :
name : pczxseccbk
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3149
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1858 :
name : spiripxddj
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6451
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1859 :
name : ldulcmreqt
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2262
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1860 :
name : adbkwjztmc
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4821
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1861 :
name : ggpatrokye
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5617
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1862 :
name : uxhvhdeizs
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7269
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1863 :
name : fjeujxozhm
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 642
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1864 :
name : hihodqtjau
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 567
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1865 :
name : wbaavmzjlg
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2234
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1866 :
name : fjsozygvhh
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9587
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1867 :
name : nniopfaorn
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8286
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1868 :
name : paehqghxdp
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2545
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1869 :
name : lszvgpcift
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2649
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1870 :
name : frxjbnrimu
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2794
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1871 :
name : boralzrohx
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7696
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1872 :
name : yayxkbndmz
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7299
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1873 :
name : vofootnihw
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4521
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1874 :
name : fhogeajrev
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 144
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1875 :
name : ymffatypdh
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1169
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1876 :
name : otycbedkwh
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2294
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1877 :
name : apsfwuaxje
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 579
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1878 :
name : huahzbmeoi
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2106
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1879 :
name : faexhathxc
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6483
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1880 :
name : fnhiviljmz
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1330
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1881 :
name : kxzowgrppo
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3007
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1882 :
name : fyyoivwugi
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7114
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1883 :
name : idqhsoplfe
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8214
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1884 :
name : wbsxrasnwz
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5347
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1885 :
name : uqqkzkbqvg
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1700
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1886 :
name : yeuqdntyap
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8200
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1887 :
name : wtzngaxhqv
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5003
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1888 :
name : lvbhleugew
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9096
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1889 :
name : eeyfrgfqpv
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1986
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1890 :
name : eqyhxmnrss
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4570
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1891 :
name : cqcdxtjelb
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7461
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1892 :
name : lpvmysalms
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3778
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1893 :
name : hfglieeuip
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 823
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1894 :
name : tqooemiexu
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6907
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1895 :
name : mtlueuaiol
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8308
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1896 :
name : ujiixnuftt
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4537
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1897 :
name : emvsizojjc
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9870
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1898 :
name : flknthcpow
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8809
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1899 :
name : tncqflstwd
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9341
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1900 :
name : ptszjnilex
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 578
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1901 :
name : etlijsvbor
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1872
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1902 :
name : olvikexvsb
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6599
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1903 :
name : njuaugvpjj
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8825
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1904 :
name : afxypjepey
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2313
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1905 :
name : bwpwwjcrbl
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4037
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1906 :
name : qdfndxyimf
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1446
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1907 :
name : jkjzihkkbl
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4622
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1908 :
name : wrkbgpahzm
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9526
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1909 :
name : gbarciymuz
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1910
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1910 :
name : ltnxxvpxco
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 15
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1911 :
name : lnjnelwezq
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3939
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1912 :
name : gysvyrqnpt
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 304
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1913 :
name : rlvaybnwfn
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9889
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1914 :
name : pfxkcvbtks
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1710
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1915 :
name : fryatzdhxj
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6191
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1916 :
name : vetsqwprrb
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9951
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1917 :
name : cnxcptbtcz
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2012
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1918 :
name : zvstpireai
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5108
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1919 :
name : vyivaaoets
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8609
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1920 :
name : esxxnmfgth
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9128
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1921 :
name : rcubxxbndw
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9924
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1922 :
name : xcuubhgipz
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 125
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1923 :
name : wentimsjcv
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4994
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1924 :
name : fclawmjfuz
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4601
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1925 :
name : rhggaouuyw
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8197
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1926 :
name : nzoybmmnrg
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 600
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1927 :
name : vnpbtrqqlq
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7641
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1928 :
name : lhyzfzorof
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1340
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1929 :
name : qskfvgxnwk
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2922
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1930 :
name : lrmjqslelb
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4905
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1931 :
name : djcpraxqpv
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3407
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1932 :
name : ldrxokrbqd
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8243
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1933 :
name : bmjddafbqv
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7515
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1934 :
name : upnmpeygfo
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6376
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1935 :
name : tffekjhqkx
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9093
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1936 :
name : fbcuprynae
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7765
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1937 :
name : iswnyhwfxg
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7240
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1938 :
name : ceugzkaxza
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3228
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1939 :
name : fcwbpvimah
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7668
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1940 :
name : qpllwkxwkw
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 183
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1941 :
name : eslbwbygpa
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 963
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1942 :
name : pcmapknogx
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1665
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1943 :
name : yvojykmwtb
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2024
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1944 :
name : mxayapjnfr
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9073
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1945 :
name : uydkibxwxq
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8224
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1946 :
name : xzcyzcpirx
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4696
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1947 :
name : xycbimcfic
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 889
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1948 :
name : ewyiwymnid
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1375
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1949 :
name : obmsexgieo
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7458
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1950 :
name : ytyxbwvqkd
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8781
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1951 :
name : esbtmfqspu
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6299
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1952 :
name : zghzdjwazi
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3929
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1953 :
name : gaujvgqlyg
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9899
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1954 :
name : whyegdpedq
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 285
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1955 :
name : pbgjlbsboq
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3706
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1956 :
name : sqnqutwlyb
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6753
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1957 :
name : rgjxsubkxp
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 938
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1958 :
name : rwogokckxa
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1959 :
name : wpcfpuzqey
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8322
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1960 :
name : eojuvxhxke
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6582
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1961 :
name : djmfqdaptg
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6488
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1962 :
name : cbmlwhlfgv
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3498
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1963 :
name : pvgddwgdoz
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3131
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1964 :
name : zdbnrzwcec
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4346
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1965 :
name : ejfmniitnw
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6471
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1966 :
name : cafdowckag
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5902
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1967 :
name : fgdnssxbnn
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9485
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1968 :
name : oektjyslks
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 817
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1969 :
name : nyisldkiey
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9627
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1970 :
name : szpcvyanlm
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4767
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1971 :
name : spxahidssj
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2188
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1972 :
name : asbsuwqwle
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8639
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1973 :
name : jtjgtqqzkj
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6124
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1974 :
name : cezdwwbosm
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8406
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1975 :
name : zqzkzvapun
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1322
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1976 :
name : weoyhmulco
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5315
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1977 :
name : afuapvvslr
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7638
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1978 :
name : fvrvtahplm
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6808
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1979 :
name : naxjaofxgs
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7246
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1980 :
name : stjloemytz
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4367
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1981 :
name : ciwbtypyvy
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8522
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1982 :
name : zqpkcgoqej
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1767
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1983 :
name : ggtehmcwnz
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9489
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1984 :
name : gjwwwyckoi
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4051
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1985 :
name : jkpeowssvh
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6322
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1986 :
name : ujnqfjojve
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2361
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1987 :
name : vcjlgzhbrc
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9401
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1988 :
name : zsvoiczzov
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8249
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1989 :
name : onfxyoxfpq
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9330
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1990 :
name : ohplwzqvye
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5054
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1991 :
name : qxiwuimtqb
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5637
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 1992 :
name : xbronpodnm
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9795
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1993 :
name : qpnanijzdz
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1606
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1994 :
name : lceesrugwj
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1453
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1995 :
name : ffssgfcrgg
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9986
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1996 :
name : ygremlxist
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3143
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1997 :
name : dnmyfsfijm
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3949
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1998 :
name : lncerqqozk
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3070
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 1999 :
name : fnltnrlsbw
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3200
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2000 :
name : xswzxnsper
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7394
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2001 :
name : ghmtbzkotn
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6771
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2002 :
name : pkzllyadne
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9183
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2003 :
name : royfhbeupz
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 370
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2004 :
name : khfkuqiuww
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5599
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2005 :
name : dmobrwexqt
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4055
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2006 :
name : rkywwsofnm
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3364
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2007 :
name : jsxyvqwznm
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9762
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2008 :
name : foadmyycdn
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8304
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2009 :
name : ojunhsdfrs
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8894
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2010 :
name : vmzxrlvpqz
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6804
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2011 :
name : lvqgiaynfr
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5231
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2012 :
name : tiutfngafw
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 84
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2013 :
name : kyodezfemm
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8266
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2014 :
name : tzppuwdbwi
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2398
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2015 :
name : mnndsucxyq
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6065
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2016 :
name : ttgiicgndf
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5668
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2017 :
name : ufvhiobknc
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7411
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2018 :
name : hjsptcraqx
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 8053
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2019 :
name : ggobnwrrjf
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5337
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2020 :
name : femxtgangs
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6000
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2021 :
name : qufexuapnj
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4264
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2022 :
name : bkiphcvjrd
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1067
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2023 :
name : pblwfkthzg
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5656
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2024 :
name : ttobjxfghw
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1618
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2025 :
name : usyfqdsjnt
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 400
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2026 :
name : vasjbdghjp
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4939
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2027 :
name : zdsylidduq
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 471
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2028 :
name : vkvpvwsefd
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7394
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2029 :
name : xxzrvmzypv
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4398
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2030 :
name : eiqzxnwrrd
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3291
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2031 :
name : mthokealfq
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8199
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2032 :
name : jxwzwvnung
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2588
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2033 :
name : gdznrjurwz
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 534
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2034 :
name : ixvewtalon
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8242
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2035 :
name : drhchyndql
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2530
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2036 :
name : rjkooihoux
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6774
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2037 :
name : qftxhcwwho
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5858
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2038 :
name : arvmfjxnzr
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5264
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2039 :
name : gqjbpsfnom
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4532
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2040 :
name : jrqhgvsdis
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3461
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2041 :
name : blnkpcdust
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9462
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2042 :
name : quegbkdtno
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 136
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2043 :
name : glzvxqxclp
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2332
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2044 :
name : vfabndlrza
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9966
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2045 :
name : byldtjtslg
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 6915
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2046 :
name : jseluurhnq
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3191
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2047 :
name : fxmqafztzn
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9639
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2048 :
name : vpbcbvwuej
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4878
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2049 :
name : rxhdqjkrcj
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 716
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2050 :
name : dyyeabzyve
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4643
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2051 :
name : cfzlipuuhz
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9728
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2052 :
name : oeppjpqkoo
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4330
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2053 :
name : zprzbcqxwz
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5804
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2054 :
name : dqksfvkwha
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2668
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2055 :
name : llcfmdhcbf
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1213
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2056 :
name : pwsbpxwbvg
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7077
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2057 :
name : tmgvrsbawe
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6238
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2058 :
name : fhqzihwhis
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5516
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2059 :
name : wovclowmot
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7016
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2060 :
name : pbwhahoyqy
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9532
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2061 :
name : usqsvbgtox
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6288
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2062 :
name : izdfgfowge
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 990
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2063 :
name : jbnztkccdq
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6340
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2064 :
name : zcbfhjmvhs
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9192
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2065 :
name : ntnaujmxls
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 241
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2066 :
name : mogptqafnj
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2689
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2067 :
name : aevnhpwtoj
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4154
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2068 :
name : blekczaefp
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4091
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2069 :
name : ebazphqndf
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5442
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2070 :
name : bwdigijgmo
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1490
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2071 :
name : rgduhudxhi
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2734
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2072 :
name : rrvwbdekjr
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2688
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2073 :
name : uqqxkxtpxb
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8196
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2074 :
name : isifojitvt
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4119
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2075 :
name : mzldzvcsmz
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 928
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2076 :
name : sldatslbng
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8664
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2077 :
name : yjhlogitbu
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5884
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2078 :
name : qpnupgocjb
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5435
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2079 :
name : koprzfahyb
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5702
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2080 :
name : zziovzwjcf
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9961
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2081 :
name : pcrgvsmvzm
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2080
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2082 :
name : axmknjllup
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4839
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2083 :
name : fwcwcxootp
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 8399
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2084 :
name : fkotudciow
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 63
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2085 :
name : ehjgemduay
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5677
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2086 :
name : jlyyevdidu
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8568
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2087 :
name : omkyuqmxmm
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5977
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2088 :
name : gbrgzxbfhg
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2250
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2089 :
name : lshvqbneba
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 545
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2090 :
name : hrsaxuazzh
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6208
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2091 :
name : oeuwbnxpry
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9918
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2092 :
name : samlbkhdlg
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2237
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2093 :
name : kupesqrphj
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 602
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2094 :
name : rksdxtpewa
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8038
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2095 :
name : iekzicpcuz
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7682
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2096 :
name : pxpidmdsqc
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9642
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2097 :
name : bccmblqsnk
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5119
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2098 :
name : egitolgufy
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1502
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2099 :
name : bkyeyzrrug
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5833
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2100 :
name : qglyzzlhtt
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6676
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2101 :
name : smnsslujco
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7720
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2102 :
name : gqqrqpsexo
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7386
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2103 :
name : iocvhxidgn
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4900
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2104 :
name : fcpvvgkqkj
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 113
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2105 :
name : gtulqdizgq
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1863
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2106 :
name : ooyflvlvlx
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2789
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2107 :
name : meyipplzqr
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5227
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2108 :
name : nwdnbojplw
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8915
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2109 :
name : rjyrrpicoy
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8835
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2110 :
name : tchyqlobaa
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2317
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2111 :
name : oesoyldgpt
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7012
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2112 :
name : kfeudwfszh
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9732
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2113 :
name : hhqbvopbve
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8188
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2114 :
name : sesyaywhsv
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3781
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2115 :
name : gulwwjnlki
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6589
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2116 :
name : zdeudguanm
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5519
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2117 :
name : gxjsuhdhsn
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6212
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2118 :
name : tgzzccfwcs
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9812
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2119 :
name : krptllaquu
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2538
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2120 :
name : buyatbdbzf
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9244
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2121 :
name : zbpqwabyqv
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1645
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2122 :
name : cdqcdjfgkf
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2448
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2123 :
name : lwabmydpww
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 924
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2124 :
name : nyudbypggb
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 358
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2125 :
name : iqsirfgwwe
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6091
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2126 :
name : obeihfiwnr
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 962
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2127 :
name : jrtccmjkjf
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6365
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2128 :
name : ubrykaduys
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8202
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2129 :
name : xkasocfxmq
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3352
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2130 :
name : lnseleeqzc
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8758
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2131 :
name : idykwmmdma
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1459
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2132 :
name : xbapflwlev
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5368
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2133 :
name : vzzvlvhxat
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5651
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2134 :
name : xenxwuksgq
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 760
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2135 :
name : brlcmyxwvz
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 631
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2136 :
name : hdjwcfroxz
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7599
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2137 :
name : hpcurotqkq
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9498
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2138 :
name : uvlfrnmibl
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2772
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2139 :
name : hnmjhgycwk
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1331
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2140 :
name : ygwjlqyzaa
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3109
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2141 :
name : hrbuakaapy
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 371
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2142 :
name : qadoloekqf
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1976
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2143 :
name : fedgadsagh
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 484
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2144 :
name : ofyrtkhywx
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5609
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2145 :
name : kbmnjmsboy
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6590
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2146 :
name : qqjqjcarcy
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1005
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2147 :
name : pcgbrpoktc
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9104
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2148 :
name : vyzgoijrbl
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2782
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2149 :
name : annjoeaeqt
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1462
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2150 :
name : gajhgzppqt
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4836
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2151 :
name : xcvknlroqj
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2743
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2152 :
name : zpdiwminda
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1849
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2153 :
name : qrnldaxuop
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8759
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2154 :
name : vswzculmho
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6564
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2155 :
name : hoeuzivyel
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 636
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2156 :
name : sbzqcdkpqu
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8377
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2157 :
name : xmqeismfqs
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 348
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2158 :
name : kxqlnuoalg
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9674
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2159 :
name : ojjenswbzp
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7854
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2160 :
name : mnudyjzoll
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7325
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2161 :
name : zudlzsfxue
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1620
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2162 :
name : uyeodezcsl
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 845
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2163 :
name : qtqvernjrj
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5182
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2164 :
name : sgrywueyyx
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7453
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2165 :
name : kvcdqiwgtn
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5586
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2166 :
name : mlgfmebqcb
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2676
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2167 :
name : boqfrjqopl
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1795
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2168 :
name : umlarxeupj
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7551
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2169 :
name : poxiwrrmfi
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4167
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2170 :
name : qoxdqrcwlr
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6145
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2171 :
name : ftlfdhwwtd
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3588
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2172 :
name : yndysvpurc
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8631
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2173 :
name : htwsyacuwx
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 6825
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2174 :
name : fnpknhfedx
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6331
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2175 :
name : zayvuyxwtw
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1694
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2176 :
name : buxqemzmrc
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4413
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2177 :
name : birzflxdks
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9332
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2178 :
name : ydoxvvkujb
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3466
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2179 :
name : svljwswwvg
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4345
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2180 :
name : hedxbyulsd
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7640
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2181 :
name : chipsfipbf
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6523
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2182 :
name : etbkseipqd
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3112
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2183 :
name : iwdtmwywlz
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 585
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2184 :
name : rkpuukzezr
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8518
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2185 :
name : rpmviariwe
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8169
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2186 :
name : ltrconoptp
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5122
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2187 :
name : axzmskolsm
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8679
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2188 :
name : rszkvpxjeq
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9728
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2189 :
name : fkphzjrpuj
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8626
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2190 :
name : tfntpkkovr
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1388
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2191 :
name : vhtkouthjp
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9861
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2192 :
name : xagmvxwflr
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4227
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2193 :
name : wzdrkulfbx
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8279
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2194 :
name : kydqmyqifd
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9324
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2195 :
name : tohzittvbw
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1706
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2196 :
name : unyzfkzvve
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1811
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2197 :
name : usherpxmly
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1109
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2198 :
name : yxvwwdivyf
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1779
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2199 :
name : xjqfpjwmvj
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 8968
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2200 :
name : xjgvhfyscy
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 271
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2201 :
name : wbgoivxfjs
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5786
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2202 :
name : idvpafwyzy
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1284
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2203 :
name : augikodhto
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6182
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2204 :
name : xlsucszysy
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6126
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2205 :
name : bemhmwyrgt
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2450
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2206 :
name : trwlmaglza
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3490
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2207 :
name : jkgxustulb
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 214
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2208 :
name : vkctxqudcv
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3220
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2209 :
name : tilbffvbzg
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4425
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2210 :
name : llqqgpgavk
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5149
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2211 :
name : xjjjmoqhrs
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5712
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2212 :
name : nbwfrduadp
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1509
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2213 :
name : ridctpqmzk
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9783
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2214 :
name : pagmfxpbzu
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 248
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2215 :
name : rchwgbnzpm
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 840
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2216 :
name : feilqplhqk
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9797
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2217 :
name : tszbogecft
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 495
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2218 :
name : wxhekatvhl
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7358
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2219 :
name : safrbuxhye
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8691
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2220 :
name : xmhhsrjnpq
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2905
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2221 :
name : pldwfgsenq
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1320
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2222 :
name : rdtamntxak
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3980
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2223 :
name : liiofnvxti
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 915
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2224 :
name : hsnbubqpyr
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4639
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2225 :
name : murwjylgwf
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1870
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2226 :
name : tyjibflrul
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9882
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2227 :
name : ipyznjyzpw
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5271
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2228 :
name : djymrzrdtn
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4931
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2229 :
name : ozvozkyzjp
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6422
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2230 :
name : yoqwchytmr
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2925
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2231 :
name : aeuxtvitwt
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9670
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2232 :
name : oguecwncrc
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5362
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2233 :
name : bqwxoruykq
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3492
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2234 :
name : rqlnwpjmsc
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 6639
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2235 :
name : syuoykgsis
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8478
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2236 :
name : squfftxpfr
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1467
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2237 :
name : gnscesmmlu
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2576
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2238 :
name : bomywurtly
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6208
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2239 :
name : pwnhytckfn
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9004
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2240 :
name : hfywfuqynb
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7436
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2241 :
name : fikvslquxy
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9943
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2242 :
name : udpsbvnttc
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 807
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2243 :
name : qjwcgqpxmn
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3544
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2244 :
name : bbwsvapitj
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4706
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2245 :
name : qhdojkebhs
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4484
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2246 :
name : gimfahfqsy
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4755
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2247 :
name : iwdonoytph
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 430
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2248 :
name : wkskpvtwll
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2605
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2249 :
name : ovsrlfijzx
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1148
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2250 :
name : nzygjpddlq
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7763
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2251 :
name : azssteabpz
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9377
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2252 :
name : crnbzwscbe
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5001
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2253 :
name : lyedszjscz
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4926
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2254 :
name : ukzhlygdcj
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9504
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2255 :
name : iiuponoxhr
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9407
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2256 :
name : eeselfctlf
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2704
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2257 :
name : ypeseuhuur
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5953
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2258 :
name : cqgxureynp
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6067
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2259 :
name : ifpozvlhqf
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7146
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2260 :
name : bwfhtbbyzo
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3375
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2261 :
name : entucsrnbh
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 6996
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2262 :
name : etslcnmdnl
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1741
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2263 :
name : cewxaaqrnt
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7170
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2264 :
name : qwvkhyatbn
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 857
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2265 :
name : dbazbczrwo
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7856
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2266 :
name : xantmutmpw
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9180
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2267 :
name : qzysyzvzst
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1833
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2268 :
name : jkoyfasypj
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 851
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2269 :
name : dgnbyncvnu
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1111
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2270 :
name : otzerehlew
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8568
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2271 :
name : cgwphxdlss
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2469
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2272 :
name : lwpmaiqhuw
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1674
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2273 :
name : nvzmmijrtd
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9335
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2274 :
name : itexggfyob
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2141
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2275 :
name : nhjptxxepr
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5128
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2276 :
name : bgehfmonmc
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7362
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2277 :
name : lylwngumll
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6692
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2278 :
name : yaceijqwwe
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1675
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2279 :
name : rlzchojdbw
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2306
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2280 :
name : keioiqyaow
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2281 :
name : lmakqkzzpc
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6133
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2282 :
name : qbsypaqpcg
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7443
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2283 :
name : nkpqxfayhr
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9290
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2284 :
name : ncufcjhszj
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5435
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2285 :
name : vmzkcwpewy
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9802
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2286 :
name : wmlqunbbic
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7808
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2287 :
name : ecvdmxzddx
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9900
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2288 :
name : ddmoticwlm
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1897
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2289 :
name : dujyzxxadc
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8320
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2290 :
name : cwrqkkaogm
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7835
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2291 :
name : ucuddudaug
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4166
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2292 :
name : dmguftgfho
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3247
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2293 :
name : walqfomirh
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1316
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2294 :
name : nisuexpkdy
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8203
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2295 :
name : ttcflivysm
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9519
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2296 :
name : ovdjrhggsj
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2763
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2297 :
name : ijjlowvlup
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 8345
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2298 :
name : vbjykcfqjz
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7193
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2299 :
name : kqqvdgsaso
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4431
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2300 :
name : dpdonnrvgc
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3243
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2301 :
name : bbisxoaros
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 379
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2302 :
name : pdsutgkkdq
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2755
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2303 :
name : oksyermekb
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 990
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2304 :
name : mcufznnjaq
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3254
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2305 :
name : gnjalprytb
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9721
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2306 :
name : jzkfejvtsx
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2208
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2307 :
name : mifxirmbri
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7635
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2308 :
name : kifvqlgleb
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6737
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2309 :
name : niauhlnume
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8943
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2310 :
name : hrcooscufi
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9301
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2311 :
name : sjvsdcdrys
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5982
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2312 :
name : djyhzmabih
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7166
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2313 :
name : kelhyqlejk
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8883
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2314 :
name : tostxrhxvq
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2995
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2315 :
name : aqznxzdidp
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5423
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2316 :
name : haczwasdzn
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8805
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2317 :
name : ptcqgzqmkv
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5438
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2318 :
name : lioqjksbpr
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2549
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2319 :
name : mdyrvgqlsa
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8162
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2320 :
name : sveilnufrk
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7116
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2321 :
name : znyxeuevhy
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9149
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2322 :
name : szuzjhoenf
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6482
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2323 :
name : jkajifdocn
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3402
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2324 :
name : edjacsjqyy
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9047
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2325 :
name : xwiaisfngh
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7395
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2326 :
name : skkbkoutgs
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5220
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2327 :
name : geoqeyilmq
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1364
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2328 :
name : uvegwouskc
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1178
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2329 :
name : zeqpvuofha
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 6073
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2330 :
name : hhblpzcluo
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4763
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2331 :
name : etjvlgrzmz
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6863
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2332 :
name : gyehmvhqgb
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 195
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2333 :
name : rejazwjtxv
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 872
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2334 :
name : edqkkcftsl
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6433
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2335 :
name : uvdgyeehxc
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2953
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2336 :
name : sptjbflgzg
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6549
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2337 :
name : duzgczmggk
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8698
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2338 :
name : vdoqmrwaxx
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2619
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2339 :
name : wriwzkvmse
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4361
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2340 :
name : sbpgreypgx
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9969
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2341 :
name : cfumdvyzjq
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1676
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2342 :
name : fpovyhbyxh
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 922
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2343 :
name : xnctzfpxga
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1997
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2344 :
name : xnankyunwr
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7412
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2345 :
name : botdksjbsp
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6164
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2346 :
name : okeoxonudl
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8448
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2347 :
name : lwfgzpakqs
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7357
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2348 :
name : stpyjppwjs
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 17
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2349 :
name : genlkoclzs
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 279
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2350 :
name : tadiamzpli
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7690
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2351 :
name : airnwdbaoc
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6448
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2352 :
name : pcesmehmws
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4768
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2353 :
name : dfswuqayto
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5607
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2354 :
name : kvzoqlvxzr
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 936
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2355 :
name : jjjdgdugbp
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3536
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2356 :
name : crjbizodyq
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6767
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2357 :
name : rehchnidtl
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 328
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2358 :
name : bzqncymrdn
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7769
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2359 :
name : aqchtjubpp
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7003
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2360 :
name : fhgvujvjca
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9272
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2361 :
name : zaabhvmdyb
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5942
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2362 :
name : siayfvhcej
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6193
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2363 :
name : gebhhkctob
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5045
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2364 :
name : hythyyegai
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5865
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2365 :
name : lurodyygsm
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2410
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2366 :
name : iivcrtcwbf
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1918
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2367 :
name : xefosjpsrh
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6927
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2368 :
name : tmjqqcltyp
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8395
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2369 :
name : vkcabujqma
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 3779
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2370 :
name : dqmoiervzr
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3637
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2371 :
name : urxwsysbqh
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9945
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2372 :
name : cmcqcmuviu
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4408
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2373 :
name : igiieaixez
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3941
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2374 :
name : bkefajsvea
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1579
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2375 :
name : lxluhpwpma
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2371
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2376 :
name : bilhnmqhjx
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8963
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2377 :
name : vrngnuykkm
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2706
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2378 :
name : garrhhfaoo
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7419
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2379 :
name : flvsrlnrvz
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6572
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2380 :
name : ltgemqnsqc
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4217
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2381 :
name : gerdwjolal
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9804
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2382 :
name : zbkihxyvro
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4082
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2383 :
name : lhcdkboboq
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7904
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2384 :
name : qjubrbapwr
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2823
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2385 :
name : rxhtaswqvl
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8877
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2386 :
name : dwaxzrabiz
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8597
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2387 :
name : vcycxbwurr
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6614
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2388 :
name : sydsvelxgt
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5927
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2389 :
name : jorhqpkplc
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8507
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2390 :
name : lbjqtguedc
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4768
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2391 :
name : sqjkybbiqm
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 8381
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2392 :
name : pekaufiqml
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 976
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2393 :
name : iqjtcjvdun
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4673
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2394 :
name : xkfhmbouua
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8393
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2395 :
name : hghqzkcunw
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4609
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2396 :
name : itlnczrrul
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 883
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2397 :
name : rodahdkjza
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3374
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2398 :
name : fxdsngsezm
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6771
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2399 :
name : nostozyzkx
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9094
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2400 :
name : rniwgveabf
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7053
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2401 :
name : erdwksyiti
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3771
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2402 :
name : pkrxgxtlxu
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5510
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2403 :
name : ewhkvtetcx
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4384
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2404 :
name : xwpouvopin
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7344
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2405 :
name : qhuzrptvix
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5648
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2406 :
name : mmrbanyocj
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9671
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2407 :
name : hvxbvoqola
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5743
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2408 :
name : hiiajjohzq
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4033
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2409 :
name : vmcsnzjgpu
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 11
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2410 :
name : ybgherssar
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5708
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2411 :
name : dmjhezipfx
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1586
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2412 :
name : zmlfvpwnhx
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3019
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2413 :
name : nhxzrbyztf
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1693
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2414 :
name : cafqfbfeqp
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4886
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2415 :
name : uijrjcuhdn
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4633
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2416 :
name : nndvdkyloo
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5895
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2417 :
name : nhxyagawqe
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5361
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2418 :
name : ludqpibntr
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5094
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2419 :
name : zdtydtfgsx
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7318
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2420 :
name : vgeayvibie
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9182
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2421 :
name : ohehgkdnqx
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5886
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2422 :
name : nkeukdpvey
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9761
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2423 :
name : lspscxchku
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6883
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2424 :
name : uuwzoicefg
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7795
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2425 :
name : pzfethbxon
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 544
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2426 :
name : vkutjidlmj
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7842
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2427 :
name : ctgizzpdxe
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9779
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2428 :
name : yxquqzctmr
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8188
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2429 :
name : qwewedxwgw
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2908
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2430 :
name : tayjwokbjw
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5530
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2431 :
name : qtgwrncrlk
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1194
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2432 :
name : kvsieoyopi
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3975
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2433 :
name : gkkohedjvo
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8698
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2434 :
name : tpglanbydt
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9119
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2435 :
name : tmweddigod
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4836
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2436 :
name : arghegwifz
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4468
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2437 :
name : dziadndlus
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6107
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2438 :
name : tglznrgjzn
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7101
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2439 :
name : yffhfkwlvq
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3986
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2440 :
name : bcymdlflwf
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8782
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2441 :
name : nzsuiaeflb
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6213
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2442 :
name : hkfhyivdur
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4441
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2443 :
name : nfxichigmt
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2824
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2444 :
name : mjhrrhbmmv
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6827
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2445 :
name : nxwmfaunji
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 809
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2446 :
name : rhdyawhciu
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 6020
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2447 :
name : kfvitajnos
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6366
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2448 :
name : ikzniajset
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8660
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2449 :
name : ircdbvgklw
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 581
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2450 :
name : mclopwobos
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 498
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2451 :
name : socwrduzqf
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7309
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2452 :
name : peqdshziip
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2952
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2453 :
name : csygpsjjrz
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7013
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2454 :
name : mvlcyelxmw
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2226
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2455 :
name : ljhmpyebjv
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8707
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2456 :
name : rkbdobhabv
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1009
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2457 :
name : zkgjwyjczv
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2369
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2458 :
name : ecmhfbiodj
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3108
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2459 :
name : wvmeglcsnb
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 684
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2460 :
name : fparwfuhtx
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1139
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2461 :
name : apwnueaywn
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2090
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2462 :
name : zmmbflgasb
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5906
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2463 :
name : gcrcrngrmf
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7021
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2464 :
name : njhckmnsof
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6352
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2465 :
name : tgulkoarhm
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7503
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2466 :
name : vejegvttnh
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6486
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2467 :
name : rlroyccavj
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9883
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2468 :
name : ynlirrfkmt
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5392
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2469 :
name : oltgbtidtd
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5037
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2470 :
name : fnntxgmcrz
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1528
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2471 :
name : vrtqxulhxh
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3746
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2472 :
name : poreholvtc
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9004
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2473 :
name : xhlraknnsn
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1808
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2474 :
name : dddximlthe
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1356
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2475 :
name : qnxdgxoulg
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2895
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2476 :
name : xnzamhmycu
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4135
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2477 :
name : owglznlnjy
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4120
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2478 :
name : bdpagchucl
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7235
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2479 :
name : feinsjcdxl
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1712
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2480 :
name : fhevjmzqgd
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8958
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2481 :
name : zyujmmtors
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4273
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2482 :
name : llkritdjml
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4931
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2483 :
name : abjwmxkhob
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2016
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2484 :
name : xzijssfvbt
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4111
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2485 :
name : vvshteedmu
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4719
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2486 :
name : kaysmsntno
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2949
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2487 :
name : vuqndjthof
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 512
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2488 :
name : uabvvnnigd
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1202
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2489 :
name : wxpomuzgbn
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9308
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2490 :
name : idyjytzndf
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3493
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2491 :
name : xrcofoiewl
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 464
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2492 :
name : rmvrwvnvlq
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 145
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2493 :
name : xdqzrwpzcm
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8151
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2494 :
name : qznoqlldiw
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9401
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2495 :
name : zlwpmqners
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4521
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2496 :
name : qilfycqkhy
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9816
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2497 :
name : elhcbwuqam
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7237
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2498 :
name : drwqwvsphc
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2456
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2499 :
name : binjlqffjh
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3876
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2500 :
name : ppllfhiayp
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9798
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2501 :
name : llbywmrdta
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5338
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2502 :
name : ngqytxiczi
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5685
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2503 :
name : plaqmwedbz
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1399
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2504 :
name : pqihqbfafg
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2575
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2505 :
name : xwlzmxxscy
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2182
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2506 :
name : pyzzfscmsi
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3008
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2507 :
name : gcftbuqams
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7142
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2508 :
name : nanobugdjz
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7381
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2509 :
name : ldlrwolnoz
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1901
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2510 :
name : xybmmcgtfr
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9792
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2511 :
name : cispzrdmer
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2164
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2512 :
name : eqwfclhlep
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7667
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2513 :
name : bcgwsfnvtt
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4307
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2514 :
name : hztdgvqqiw
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2883
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2515 :
name : vunbqfjddc
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5750
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2516 :
name : mkpfpwciol
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7565
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2517 :
name : hwiwxzegeh
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9534
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2518 :
name : pisfnjdqrr
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1691
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2519 :
name : cixkewlifq
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7650
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2520 :
name : zkxtrkcucw
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5023
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2521 :
name : tdospvodfv
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3596
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2522 :
name : cpdziwlmsq
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5594
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2523 :
name : cxnspdngiv
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4145
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2524 :
name : nritqspdei
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3538
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2525 :
name : ytrllgqbmy
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 626
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2526 :
name : wfwgyoyorf
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 35
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2527 :
name : nlxexilnlz
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 116
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2528 :
name : uofsufittc
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8728
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2529 :
name : thssmrcxfo
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 694
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2530 :
name : xkyefvjpqf
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5095
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2531 :
name : fdravdrycy
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7052
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2532 :
name : eideokzyap
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7758
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2533 :
name : plhjndmedr
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2139
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2534 :
name : lcnqhbbgbb
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7483
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2535 :
name : yxxigmnuqq
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8380
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2536 :
name : lswyjdammb
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6833
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2537 :
name : ukotswfhrx
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4194
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2538 :
name : rtepspvsbh
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8100
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2539 :
name : obkdwebdls
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2160
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2540 :
name : jplngddbxg
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7472
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2541 :
name : xuehzanaea
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8599
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2542 :
name : ebwpocvtgu
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7498
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2543 :
name : uuqydpasre
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2660
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2544 :
name : uifszwxupd
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3658
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2545 :
name : pckhcpydhq
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4799
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2546 :
name : hrnmmnijjy
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4868
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2547 :
name : ixpueskdvt
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 412
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2548 :
name : aexqrldzuo
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7894
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2549 :
name : cbmrvrlfwi
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9194
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2550 :
name : uyttoketly
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4331
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2551 :
name : wdfiwcbiiz
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2903
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2552 :
name : fchyvykarv
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2157
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2553 :
name : mfhtpgwtqg
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2930
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2554 :
name : aqsjqphapb
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4191
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2555 :
name : jugsqxyoqo
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2798
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2556 :
name : ppmhycwieo
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9247
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2557 :
name : hwenrumpkf
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5123
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2558 :
name : mwkadkebsi
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 748
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2559 :
name : vepbtgxgyh
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1828
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2560 :
name : grhqtmaxpv
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8113
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2561 :
name : npldqgjnoj
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7932
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2562 :
name : anxjfsvipn
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 299
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2563 :
name : argnuxufki
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6891
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2564 :
name : shcsqjkora
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5033
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2565 :
name : rzpynlxjsj
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6447
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2566 :
name : fwxhopsadk
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7531
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2567 :
name : gsfxsuipdd
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5133
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2568 :
name : euyddotwoy
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6024
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2569 :
name : mxotwhnhyq
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1522
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2570 :
name : pflpirfdnt
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2691
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2571 :
name : gzmvtjegqc
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2295
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2572 :
name : tfheusvzxk
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3522
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2573 :
name : vpohkjqqpg
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3611
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2574 :
name : lqluuhmsgk
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2788
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2575 :
name : chbqoozheq
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1352
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2576 :
name : plkbhhiuzr
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3255
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2577 :
name : gvwhlnvmwa
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2284
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2578 :
name : wdyiegppcq
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6593
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2579 :
name : lkxkrkzpxv
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9065
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2580 :
name : uotszaaqrc
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9079
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2581 :
name : oqpncixbxw
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9729
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2582 :
name : qxzmryosph
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7849
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2583 :
name : lxvakakhbi
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3443
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2584 :
name : jzclntlbnc
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6955
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2585 :
name : hfqfhafrjg
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6065
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2586 :
name : lnxnykjmnw
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2797
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2587 :
name : zawrffrkwb
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9037
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2588 :
name : qlppaqbjeo
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8446
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2589 :
name : gqmehrjzeg
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9463
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2590 :
name : kplzemrgxv
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 577
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2591 :
name : dskpztjisp
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1935
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2592 :
name : oikaioobwl
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7204
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2593 :
name : nubzmasxjn
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7354
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2594 :
name : gqgqsqfiud
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7271
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2595 :
name : fcghbshtpq
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9673
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2596 :
name : syyapqrwzn
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2417
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2597 :
name : ufmampvuim
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4309
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2598 :
name : xyjvzamsyn
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6399
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2599 :
name : ujfijsxgof
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 45
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2600 :
name : jiftegvsyu
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8249
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2601 :
name : wldbvpvsvj
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8767
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2602 :
name : vjiacmhagh
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5416
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2603 :
name : horlrmanev
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1327
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2604 :
name : lhptktfttn
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9607
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2605 :
name : evxviphien
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3764
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2606 :
name : abapuklcdg
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5783
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2607 :
name : hwqfuywbga
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5067
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2608 :
name : xogygdkrho
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5437
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2609 :
name : pfpgkjggmp
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7994
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2610 :
name : gogpoosyfb
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7188
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2611 :
name : qahhitqozc
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8607
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2612 :
name : zrlhgzvaac
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5720
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2613 :
name : nubwbjprzq
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8454
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2614 :
name : ydgmnolkon
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 3117
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2615 :
name : dnoejqpajq
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1786
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2616 :
name : nrnvdcmrmc
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3879
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2617 :
name : qlogrzwizi
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 90
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2618 :
name : vnckjfmvwy
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 437
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2619 :
name : flxusotqxv
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 497
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2620 :
name : xjkztvefsd
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 273
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2621 :
name : pnymjsbela
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5873
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2622 :
name : unggmzbsgt
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1278
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2623 :
name : arkafttgag
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9300
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2624 :
name : pdevlsxnld
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1570
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2625 :
name : nxdxairvrt
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5905
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2626 :
name : mhnqfyjenw
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4175
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2627 :
name : qmvtjxecsx
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2279
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2628 :
name : iexvuewfil
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4608
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2629 :
name : jyceuodysv
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4873
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2630 :
name : femebiizoq
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3661
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2631 :
name : afyflstosl
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9164
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2632 :
name : jlqvpugatu
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4548
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2633 :
name : lbijgubbkt
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6037
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2634 :
name : udonzehhga
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9048
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2635 :
name : ixcsikmjnz
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1446
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2636 :
name : ajzpwatdhb
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2562
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2637 :
name : auweneqbqd
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3386
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2638 :
name : eaqdpmdkrm
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4061
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2639 :
name : vnbrroxiqn
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9145
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2640 :
name : pbshgjtmtm
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 227
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2641 :
name : psfrjzfijx
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 807
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2642 :
name : ixyagglbse
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8179
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2643 :
name : glimcrnjby
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1549
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2644 :
name : tfgthmasps
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1628
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2645 :
name : bsljgnctyg
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9076
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2646 :
name : pjjxdqkdkb
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9883
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2647 :
name : eoppyvecpc
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4215
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2648 :
name : mfkwcpoosz
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4704
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2649 :
name : gcrvrrqxvh
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6047
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2650 :
name : swdeuhtiyn
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6860
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2651 :
name : jzqcwjtogr
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8502
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2652 :
name : tinyphfird
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4900
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2653 :
name : hmvxprgkhm
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9613
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2654 :
name : lvgatvhzda
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 6986
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2655 :
name : xftsfkllwt
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7143
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2656 :
name : uhwahrxqqc
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4237
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2657 :
name : kradmfpxtm
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4107
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2658 :
name : onympheozu
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2326
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2659 :
name : kffnkrsaqn
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8087
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2660 :
name : zqrzdiijwj
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1368
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2661 :
name : ojqvwcorch
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1953
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2662 :
name : wojpqozyxv
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6608
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2663 :
name : ublkzhpnar
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2927
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2664 :
name : ekmnzedyfa
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 668
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2665 :
name : ebdrocbfsb
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6545
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2666 :
name : inpvcpbgpg
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9526
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2667 :
name : xszdjphkuz
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4437
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2668 :
name : thqketzhzr
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6505
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2669 :
name : cjnboyrvll
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9037
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2670 :
name : iiiysmruus
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2635
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2671 :
name : xxgmauktqx
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 8641
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2672 :
name : yvmgwgvpcr
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2412
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2673 :
name : ahjhtmbfft
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6821
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2674 :
name : mzxaithfjj
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4474
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2675 :
name : nbmxkfjokq
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6872
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2676 :
name : fgsehcaqhl
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6629
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2677 :
name : jqmvpwcako
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 845
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2678 :
name : vawphfshvb
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 156
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2679 :
name : ththekggkq
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 3593
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2680 :
name : cvbzligfrc
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9066
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2681 :
name : enqauukcav
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8863
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2682 :
name : wmsznfhtky
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9626
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2683 :
name : sfbkhyerag
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7362
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2684 :
name : cnrumeauzm
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2500
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2685 :
name : wwezjlxnfy
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2062
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2686 :
name : afvtzhzbdz
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1639
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2687 :
name : xvacvjpszu
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1599
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2688 :
name : yqfvkeejii
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8853
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2689 :
name : kirkkmwbev
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3421
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2690 :
name : uofblpfpbp
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9972
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2691 :
name : jpgccsoatu
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7718
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2692 :
name : inxqoifvyi
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5029
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2693 :
name : whscjwuzwp
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7676
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2694 :
name : qazqqnyxjw
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 777
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2695 :
name : zcctenqapo
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 3665
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2696 :
name : wrcwjujhsu
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8953
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2697 :
name : jzknsockor
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 8527
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2698 :
name : ffzhdicnrw
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4081
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2699 :
name : gjyqytgafw
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8716
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2700 :
name : jbxilasppk
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7776
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2701 :
name : jrghjgcpgi
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3831
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2702 :
name : gyydijdbyv
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2549
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2703 :
name : rfpzpaftpl
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7075
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2704 :
name : lypjdzvicv
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8976
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2705 :
name : fotxnixucp
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1360
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2706 :
name : ifzzqczlnd
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6126
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2707 :
name : hxgcuwnuqr
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7691
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2708 :
name : ylbxmscnfr
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3662
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2709 :
name : zteixaekuu
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 8948
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2710 :
name : pytrxhlzvs
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2632
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2711 :
name : rdvvlsypds
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6409
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2712 :
name : gyezpcicbd
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8130
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2713 :
name : tzboxnjvcm
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4293
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2714 :
name : ztwdunhdsl
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4314
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2715 :
name : dxygovtxqy
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5525
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2716 :
name : mepkklzrqr
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 247
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2717 :
name : hocgvsbopu
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3483
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2718 :
name : xrmobyaaqs
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2240
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2719 :
name : aksfspxvgp
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2386
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2720 :
name : zroofrmhue
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5516
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2721 :
name : fyczdwpcsv
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7204
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2722 :
name : pmwfabxpjr
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2046
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2723 :
name : zbgeblasou
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2545
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2724 :
name : jvffbhiywt
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5833
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2725 :
name : pzsxftjilz
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7279
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2726 :
name : btcgafnjfm
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5903
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2727 :
name : wyzoxfjgnw
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3949
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2728 :
name : fpxjxyomjt
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2612
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2729 :
name : pdworutdci
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8361
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2730 :
name : gdrdoodcam
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6585
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2731 :
name : wbkvpepjhr
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4392
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2732 :
name : bbnshbikdj
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7167
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2733 :
name : rxleubijmr
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1466
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2734 :
name : iigvapxlca
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5334
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2735 :
name : lzbxdwalho
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4890
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2736 :
name : amxjjzygka
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1592
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2737 :
name : hvolurjufq
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9612
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2738 :
name : sgzrpjsqpf
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 276
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2739 :
name : cfgqqcjbzo
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9151
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2740 :
name : jpwjgnsadj
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4881
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2741 :
name : uxdcnwfyxe
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5676
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2742 :
name : fwbbfjqzkw
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2405
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2743 :
name : qtjvwyrdxp
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 231
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2744 :
name : tdtwgbizcu
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 6992
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2745 :
name : ajgjeekwhh
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7836
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2746 :
name : smwnleotdt
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1269
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2747 :
name : vcabofhybq
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3185
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2748 :
name : auuyhhfyak
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 982
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2749 :
name : cwwfzkkgin
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7970
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2750 :
name : ijnejuloun
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2613
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2751 :
name : yqlwvnghvq
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6796
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2752 :
name : yilnovhalc
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2064
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2753 :
name : esrqoofwya
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 569
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2754 :
name : vteigsdpsr
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6242
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2755 :
name : epwxhmlmil
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3865
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2756 :
name : cekgnsasjv
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7228
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2757 :
name : hvffsprfbb
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8638
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2758 :
name : obeyjrsjmb
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8105
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2759 :
name : wuhezztshw
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1486
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2760 :
name : pgatejnwuz
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4497
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2761 :
name : jdlqhksafz
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1022
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2762 :
name : yczywgjlcf
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9867
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2763 :
name : zrokivwaxb
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8103
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2764 :
name : xylwyjcjuh
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4602
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2765 :
name : wygkkohgqg
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3433
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2766 :
name : pltajrmmag
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 766
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2767 :
name : cfqirazzir
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9206
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2768 :
name : gatadftptw
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 778
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2769 :
name : fobvztxauf
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 961
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2770 :
name : ilrelujglc
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2061
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2771 :
name : oyoqvpjspf
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2419
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2772 :
name : viynojjxrx
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3517
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2773 :
name : fkovajklcz
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9467
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2774 :
name : xwovldgucx
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8512
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2775 :
name : hjlvenepai
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9185
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2776 :
name : sxnjsamywq
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4313
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2777 :
name : ayalvhbcyb
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7983
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2778 :
name : lvqaelaslw
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1797
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2779 :
name : ghzivxrwzp
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5667
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2780 :
name : zgkpgqaijm
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5038
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2781 :
name : yblamixdgy
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5108
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2782 :
name : aafmpocswl
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8842
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2783 :
name : jceucqebwk
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6462
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2784 :
name : okuwwlkzfi
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 705
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2785 :
name : rbtvxxodym
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2914
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2786 :
name : ztutrsgbto
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6798
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2787 :
name : qsbloaiedg
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4894
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2788 :
name : nupjpgbvjv
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8864
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2789 :
name : bdrephgxnj
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1812
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2790 :
name : xyupjjvlgf
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5091
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2791 :
name : cmivqzewzr
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1099
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2792 :
name : wjtqycbuni
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6163
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2793 :
name : hjqrfitjeu
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 3120
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2794 :
name : twhmofpqbc
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 165
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2795 :
name : eltxeahxjo
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5090
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2796 :
name : zmkiyyppqr
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3282
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2797 :
name : hyfcxmefln
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7881
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2798 :
name : svncfocvdt
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8506
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2799 :
name : gsqnunbyun
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4707
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2800 :
name : tkjhopvqky
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6401
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2801 :
name : lfaduwrwvl
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1660
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2802 :
name : pwrydfnaxx
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8408
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2803 :
name : dkpdojbhfy
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3932
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2804 :
name : qmqhlvoaym
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 558
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2805 :
name : hyiwdyfffl
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7982
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2806 :
name : vfmnpzkdzi
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3806
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2807 :
name : fvvqrzoxgw
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7869
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2808 :
name : xkgjzxkkam
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1026
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2809 :
name : ilcebvfsul
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1405
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2810 :
name : xlefxechqe
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8353
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2811 :
name : fpcjtfeazz
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6628
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2812 :
name : zhreoqkqxc
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6961
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2813 :
name : farjjnonnq
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9400
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2814 :
name : ntsgzgwjyt
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8415
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2815 :
name : qhrisaviqk
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3138
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2816 :
name : uvsobruxds
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1238
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2817 :
name : exbwhtyceo
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7508
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2818 :
name : rvfjjgdgdg
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2351
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2819 :
name : tweusmqsou
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5023
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2820 :
name : jtbqfkzkse
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5015
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2821 :
name : hjemgyywto
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6615
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2822 :
name : ybxzselrog
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7028
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2823 :
name : jhgqvmqvkj
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6970
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2824 :
name : ngwnhqtuji
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3977
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2825 :
name : nlqwdmktjv
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8176
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2826 :
name : ueltrslmpx
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4481
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2827 :
name : nagdwjrhcb
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2039
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2828 :
name : eaapvtkgfz
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5601
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2829 :
name : nwptcoetxj
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3091
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2830 :
name : mbimqdfamn
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3960
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2831 :
name : cjztfdhjze
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3736
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2832 :
name : qzvyoocvqo
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2270
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2833 :
name : kzzmvepcqq
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 35
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2834 :
name : iixghlwlgm
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9659
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2835 :
name : wtowfjawnq
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 856
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2836 :
name : ylzxtiiptp
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9157
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2837 :
name : ufaibftddj
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3928
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2838 :
name : yvfavaidqe
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5177
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2839 :
name : fxhfhkmbos
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8701
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2840 :
name : euejuzledb
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2640
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2841 :
name : yqzfygsmhg
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5579
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2842 :
name : xtjdeddpjg
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6518
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2843 :
name : hktistpkgy
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6835
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2844 :
name : jjssmwxpog
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1159
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2845 :
name : doezxysoka
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8618
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2846 :
name : mrxhllfkdt
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4733
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2847 :
name : uzyyyxysli
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2709
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2848 :
name : auxzbjmjtp
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 345
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2849 :
name : bzhzzhyxzj
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1244
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2850 :
name : rtxquabgjx
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3182
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2851 :
name : ttucttjtql
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2636
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2852 :
name : khljxfjzlv
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5058
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2853 :
name : gbvadqvpjn
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 135
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2854 :
name : ctlncjuoih
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2436
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2855 :
name : ueopeufbjr
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4850
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2856 :
name : keovtqengo
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2147
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2857 :
name : iiryzxuhyf
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8281
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2858 :
name : lpubnnttca
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4910
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2859 :
name : fowynywhfw
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5988
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2860 :
name : bscytplpko
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5276
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2861 :
name : bnnymcykmd
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7879
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2862 :
name : sxbwvwniny
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4533
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2863 :
name : vpalponnyb
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4175
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2864 :
name : nubqryoehc
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1439
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2865 :
name : ruisfxivkj
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2927
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2866 :
name : wowyepwsuf
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7108
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2867 :
name : gusooznxuz
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4534
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2868 :
name : fwgdukttep
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7552
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2869 :
name : ntuhjjgwib
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1607
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2870 :
name : mfkujhgeck
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9756
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2871 :
name : lvjievtltb
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 574
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2872 :
name : hyxrsiaaoc
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5932
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2873 :
name : xjpittdogx
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6921
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2874 :
name : hreglyqlye
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 3324
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2875 :
name : husweoriea
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9907
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2876 :
name : fgylpjkfwi
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8580
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2877 :
name : egfzcknwur
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2238
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2878 :
name : wbiunxfxfb
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8125
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2879 :
name : bhxhgbtvxn
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7731
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2880 :
name : satcugcbfh
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8529
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2881 :
name : owzlfipado
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8393
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2882 :
name : ezvxesggtl
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5679
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2883 :
name : sbuupzceaf
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6851
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2884 :
name : viysickokg
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9667
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2885 :
name : eyqysfxwlz
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6370
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2886 :
name : qxsorcresd
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8154
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2887 :
name : pwyhwrmwnx
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3282
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2888 :
name : neuhtmmmqe
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2455
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2889 :
name : ymvztrqinf
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7988
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2890 :
name : uzgpjbbvpt
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4468
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2891 :
name : rapobigtsv
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3805
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2892 :
name : kuosjztmwk
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3173
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2893 :
name : vwakkbvqvn
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4238
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2894 :
name : ciqsacrvqn
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5993
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2895 :
name : kvumgfnbxk
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2983
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2896 :
name : ekuxcvbtqr
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 946
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2897 :
name : oetkqbrgep
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8701
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2898 :
name : qfplerghmy
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7633
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2899 :
name : yetupjvgpc
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1290
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2900 :
name : eustfxmney
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1525
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2901 :
name : ilabfplcyc
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 561
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2902 :
name : xhuqczponv
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 6592
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2903 :
name : xpazqfpdin
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8023
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2904 :
name : kubgmefdsu
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6470
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2905 :
name : laclavtryd
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3580
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2906 :
name : jablgnpoqh
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2825
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2907 :
name : cvuegubbla
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1739
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2908 :
name : pfkqstfjhx
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5739
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2909 :
name : ilwcsfxtgk
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 8681
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2910 :
name : mtqwmlpruy
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 181
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2911 :
name : tpistaxsud
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5059
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2912 :
name : btpupdfhuz
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4118
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2913 :
name : mtjuldvivp
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 751
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2914 :
name : ajardsuizq
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6573
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2915 :
name : ylzkfknaui
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 3670
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2916 :
name : sabttennnm
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6649
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2917 :
name : ykhxuojjrd
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8134
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2918 :
name : exkfsdkfsz
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3653
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2919 :
name : ukxdhtrrci
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9222
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2920 :
name : dqbqvtvhaq
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9771
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2921 :
name : dcpbfyuzrz
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5142
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2922 :
name : bkpdanwxwx
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6095
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2923 :
name : xhqmkxngye
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8047
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2924 :
name : wgynjaahyz
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9435
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2925 :
name : twallkjyqh
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8272
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2926 :
name : gxkekvhnff
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3795
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2927 :
name : jnjjzutkum
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 435
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2928 :
name : qrybxlyeyd
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1384
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2929 :
name : bptkzueuey
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9958
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2930 :
name : alcbozmmgk
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5759
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2931 :
name : ekpzvoubka
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9717
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2932 :
name : hdaleonqbv
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3637
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2933 :
name : oekdehtald
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 823
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2934 :
name : oivoucfhug
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 618
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2935 :
name : dgeplixgki
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9120
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2936 :
name : paukrqmwzh
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9627
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2937 :
name : diejxrtwyd
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2493
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2938 :
name : bszxfqptmo
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 418
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2939 :
name : rmfxxcorzo
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3023
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2940 :
name : zofynkqdec
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9065
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2941 :
name : redwbaarrb
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1952
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2942 :
name : uhszhgkxjo
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3595
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2943 :
name : lotomwpnoi
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4947
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2944 :
name : drmvrtbdrk
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9944
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2945 :
name : ebeyrrwggk
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6177
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2946 :
name : lunxqgsrjl
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2539
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2947 :
name : wxxcxotuxb
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3051
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2948 :
name : sycfvuopnx
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5801
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2949 :
name : wfkthhjdbg
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7777
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2950 :
name : ewtgeocsfp
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3046
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2951 :
name : vrufmepwhs
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8639
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2952 :
name : vfoonuepmk
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1363
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2953 :
name : ilteshihfr
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2074
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2954 :
name : xysnofitww
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3695
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2955 :
name : ejfzoxgyfm
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9959
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2956 :
name : luhdhykrtg
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4525
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2957 :
name : cwjhvzfcxm
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6760
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2958 :
name : ezeoeomohf
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3248
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2959 :
name : ghkroiqvmo
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1564
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2960 :
name : oltubxknls
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1866
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2961 :
name : djsqbhyrek
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1917
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2962 :
name : gbfbxgyivj
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5581
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2963 :
name : bveulhblah
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4524
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2964 :
name : staxuxgufd
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9826
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2965 :
name : rwuxqfetsf
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 724
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2966 :
name : osxoqtlynt
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6931
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2967 :
name : bqlvnecuzu
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1998
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2968 :
name : ngvkundhls
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7289
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2969 :
name : zgflevrirq
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7054
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2970 :
name : ygqtqmhwtu
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9712
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2971 :
name : bajinpdeyu
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2815
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2972 :
name : yobqjucsqy
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7359
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2973 :
name : xbkikxypcw
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9416
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2974 :
name : wbfyroswhk
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 729
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2975 :
name : apakzmhxbl
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2491
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2976 :
name : bvrgvixpgg
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6867
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2977 :
name : ctledlqnis
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6152
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2978 :
name : zmzqvubsjh
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1031
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2979 :
name : ggxslddbqn
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3352
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2980 :
name : yeqxvlsyfd
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7681
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2981 :
name : sanpsysxck
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9644
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2982 :
name : eejwbghveo
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1352
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2983 :
name : ahhoyzotyq
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8927
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2984 :
name : ulsdjwjrrn
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2274
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2985 :
name : iboprnqgio
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4561
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2986 :
name : nlfhoodahx
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4428
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2987 :
name : xytnplaftk
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4741
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2988 :
name : qjvxslnwlx
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1493
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2989 :
name : ehsxvhkxpd
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9400
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2990 :
name : hwtevmpikb
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6531
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2991 :
name : vzznzwvjtm
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4029
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2992 :
name : hthazemony
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1330
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 2993 :
name : vrnueosbyl
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2994 :
name : cvumxtqmhf
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9933
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2995 :
name : qllfhsuzts
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6940
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2996 :
name : eisawrtodc
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 154
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2997 :
name : ymrlryfnzz
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 141
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2998 :
name : hsdbszslpw
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3649
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 2999 :
name : qrvhfphkci
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7570
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3000 :
name : ocprdhsyti
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1406
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3001 :
name : bywwhdlqpo
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3343
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3002 :
name : uibjbgtuem
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4614
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3003 :
name : byizvpcifs
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9076
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3004 :
name : tvjwgkfzel
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8989
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3005 :
name : wocfnzwske
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4838
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3006 :
name : kcgtbmggmk
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9666
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3007 :
name : zeablndjfp
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7518
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3008 :
name : kjdqfgdlmr
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2831
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3009 :
name : cptetgswpz
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9040
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3010 :
name : rznwpscudq
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5669
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3011 :
name : nihinaofyd
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5489
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3012 :
name : mrycpqusky
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8782
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3013 :
name : sxmbfzdtgb
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4123
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3014 :
name : qydqatgunt
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7614
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3015 :
name : xqhjrnlvit
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1849
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3016 :
name : thtyxvtgrg
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3777
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3017 :
name : qrbxctmpqv
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8771
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3018 :
name : bmowlmrgsj
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5536
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3019 :
name : ingmmifzax
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 68
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3020 :
name : vgpjccxuip
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6135
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3021 :
name : xkhdwuodvo
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3072
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3022 :
name : bpbqyesyyb
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9121
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3023 :
name : txradqwttr
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4313
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3024 :
name : ejfhafludj
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9697
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3025 :
name : trsntxdqsy
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7153
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3026 :
name : oytvfvbrrg
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3370
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3027 :
name : wmirzbqctj
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4693
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3028 :
name : uotpjykmrb
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5597
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3029 :
name : hvbpmbtcfm
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3830
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3030 :
name : msyfhhgtwx
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2510
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3031 :
name : iakkswllbq
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2206
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3032 :
name : jdghlnqrim
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 248
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3033 :
name : vsyfeqepbf
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6966
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3034 :
name : iuzqbkgrbo
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5976
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3035 :
name : tgysmfkqwm
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5766
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3036 :
name : lcjmtkxzea
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8371
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3037 :
name : agcbaqglic
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 200
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3038 :
name : ydekpzwmaa
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3125
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3039 :
name : ikjmnjctum
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 572
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3040 :
name : shoyrgxnsx
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5466
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3041 :
name : rkdawqmali
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5617
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3042 :
name : pcygapmyeg
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6185
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3043 :
name : jehogggsir
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8250
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3044 :
name : qwgoejfshk
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5333
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3045 :
name : bazlofruab
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6119
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3046 :
name : ffgnvlwddf
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2391
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3047 :
name : hxviilpbhp
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3493
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3048 :
name : akshxpuusx
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2799
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3049 :
name : xuyvcgisjs
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4185
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3050 :
name : bcatlyjfub
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 54
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3051 :
name : mibkfgsqad
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3461
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3052 :
name : haqjvdjeld
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9344
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3053 :
name : efjhrpnlfn
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3922
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3054 :
name : knraxngitr
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8708
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3055 :
name : krdvyukmfr
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9383
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3056 :
name : ylnplmetvy
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5008
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3057 :
name : ahlddlypxf
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 6418
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3058 :
name : brkohybltw
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9650
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3059 :
name : bplosqbqfb
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1245
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3060 :
name : byzooiopwh
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3864
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3061 :
name : rxncngupyz
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7927
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3062 :
name : cxtblimbxi
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4840
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3063 :
name : qrhdvwlpnk
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5733
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3064 :
name : alxvokdcmd
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6541
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3065 :
name : burkzohngu
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 781
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3066 :
name : bfvydllgoz
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9885
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3067 :
name : xhaqrchypn
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6289
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3068 :
name : waztbcemku
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6550
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3069 :
name : biiebagiav
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2194
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3070 :
name : afzbyadeoq
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5279
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3071 :
name : pbuafxclfe
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9239
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3072 :
name : auqbvqbbvp
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1813
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3073 :
name : ewxzwfwaqe
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1575
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3074 :
name : slminkzolw
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8749
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3075 :
name : sdfpeewcep
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8263
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3076 :
name : khizpvjolu
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5173
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3077 :
name : jyxoqdumhb
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3681
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3078 :
name : jemrdbmmsz
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4846
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3079 :
name : nrnmhdpesw
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 6849
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3080 :
name : rcvdtyhhmz
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2892
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3081 :
name : srxgdglukd
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5556
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3082 :
name : qwllchljox
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5272
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3083 :
name : zisyovezpp
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1419
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3084 :
name : pwldjpkuya
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5547
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3085 :
name : zlgujwppvh
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7266
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3086 :
name : gcethpjrjj
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6059
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3087 :
name : qtbwnmufcp
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7107
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3088 :
name : cnajihytbi
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9581
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3089 :
name : bnielyrfdt
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4226
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3090 :
name : ztpbcxkcrl
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 351
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3091 :
name : xagiergxyj
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8833
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3092 :
name : cveryiqikj
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5430
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3093 :
name : ycaekgxqev
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8665
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3094 :
name : djpjcnrswd
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4991
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3095 :
name : aiaamkhmcl
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7816
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3096 :
name : cevrnxhgqd
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6966
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3097 :
name : tpluragaml
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 731
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3098 :
name : dzbaspyzvq
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9595
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3099 :
name : ptndpgdvhr
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5681
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3100 :
name : jesnelcemz
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 8248
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3101 :
name : hylwdacgyl
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2333
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3102 :
name : zzjsmofqst
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3183
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3103 :
name : dhvqdytggr
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1802
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3104 :
name : dzwmticyyx
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8683
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3105 :
name : ljxjbbjujs
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7204
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3106 :
name : wqdsewchwc
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7591
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3107 :
name : ifehqgiact
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5989
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3108 :
name : astfkxdpgz
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1695
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3109 :
name : mtoqdgyngd
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8940
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3110 :
name : yhotoasrpb
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6106
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3111 :
name : yuoolruled
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 476
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3112 :
name : bjbpepqxgf
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4757
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3113 :
name : jpbzdoqacw
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5829
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3114 :
name : gknibszrri
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6509
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3115 :
name : pyytxdjnfl
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8891
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3116 :
name : iehvoipocg
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 184
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3117 :
name : iypitmlcct
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4712
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3118 :
name : ygshdjqtzu
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5224
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3119 :
name : lhdarypcdr
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7694
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3120 :
name : tbznjcybvx
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6163
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3121 :
name : cdfhgwgval
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5477
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3122 :
name : zoaydlccmy
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9106
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3123 :
name : tyhyhnupku
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7095
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3124 :
name : rhfuhihkkw
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4768
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3125 :
name : jaiqyrdshp
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1524
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3126 :
name : eaxjufterg
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9043
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3127 :
name : coimgidjak
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1403
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3128 :
name : kryjauqwyh
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7011
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3129 :
name : uywekdmnoo
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9708
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3130 :
name : cgucrwzksz
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5115
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3131 :
name : gaqefahtqy
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5686
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3132 :
name : prwlupitzc
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9644
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3133 :
name : rabifgkmcc
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6933
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3134 :
name : krqickymfx
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3115
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3135 :
name : rjvtrabeod
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1320
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3136 :
name : optfyyrykz
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1844
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3137 :
name : tjdoewqgcf
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 273
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3138 :
name : ktheyhcsho
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8645
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3139 :
name : nneqejpupr
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2035
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3140 :
name : uubeybnctv
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2875
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3141 :
name : vywzoaiduz
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6093
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3142 :
name : lwbmczopbj
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4987
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3143 :
name : ijcejtgtwb
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4536
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3144 :
name : gmvibxjron
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5288
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3145 :
name : nlzqrkjyfh
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1208
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3146 :
name : aiqvsrucki
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1280
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3147 :
name : dnccdtootv
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4377
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3148 :
name : zbfryxisbs
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8360
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3149 :
name : ytgaxlvlap
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1636
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3150 :
name : gganxakiuo
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6867
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3151 :
name : djhllewhrw
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 713
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3152 :
name : trovgoxtyt
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 879
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3153 :
name : guvqfhwcqq
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5353
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3154 :
name : ystpobdnud
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2606
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3155 :
name : rhpnzvwwzm
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6583
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3156 :
name : fgtavhcaww
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 963
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3157 :
name : vammpnjlli
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7435
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3158 :
name : mlofljopml
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9741
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3159 :
name : tldhzuujgg
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5980
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3160 :
name : nsybxlmmda
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7923
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3161 :
name : wguzptukec
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3222
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3162 :
name : ymvypvmejp
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7055
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3163 :
name : rvcnwtisdn
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6508
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3164 :
name : qijmhzjvfs
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5879
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3165 :
name : vnhzcdtkyy
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3809
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3166 :
name : rbncpwdyri
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1563
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3167 :
name : epolrqqmao
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4746
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3168 :
name : pzpcceyher
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7307
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3169 :
name : xqilbzbrne
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9475
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3170 :
name : uifknjonrv
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9832
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3171 :
name : kblummvqfi
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8144
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3172 :
name : nyttigezvv
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1425
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3173 :
name : zbjkvvysng
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9868
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3174 :
name : exqxsafxba
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3338
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3175 :
name : laownmtneh
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3623
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3176 :
name : ktmcshcxeg
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4574
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3177 :
name : qpchlrthgx
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5763
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3178 :
name : twmiyepddv
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8332
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3179 :
name : vfwzokshry
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3573
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3180 :
name : teohoondrq
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5590
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3181 :
name : yrwwqmgktz
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7505
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3182 :
name : agroqfcdlw
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8227
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3183 :
name : pnwnlozuau
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5709
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3184 :
name : icgbswjwcu
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5882
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3185 :
name : nialwnavhc
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1646
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3186 :
name : nwhuybshxu
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3671
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3187 :
name : hxthjrxlne
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7252
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3188 :
name : kqrtkrufas
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2737
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3189 :
name : xdpsnykklz
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2843
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3190 :
name : biwucjowoo
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2957
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3191 :
name : mbpbueceon
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3865
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3192 :
name : wmhtilcwjs
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8676
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3193 :
name : xvimwesykg
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6767
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3194 :
name : jdosyyfavo
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2385
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3195 :
name : xaohoknglx
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6459
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3196 :
name : qikgciehkb
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1224
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3197 :
name : cnmqwbdjjo
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2176
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3198 :
name : wodhuhryoc
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9121
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3199 :
name : uqmhikkltt
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9624
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3200 :
name : mnprujylio
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7989
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3201 :
name : zunodwynju
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 6698
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3202 :
name : bpoqiicjwm
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1217
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3203 :
name : tzkjnpfnfo
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 910
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3204 :
name : bmdpeoagxy
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6180
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3205 :
name : bktnvicaxh
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6140
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3206 :
name : mvgrmkfotc
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2736
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3207 :
name : tbqoolwqnt
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1025
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3208 :
name : wjsebhrgvk
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3638
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3209 :
name : bfjrvxctpp
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8956
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3210 :
name : spwnuzungr
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6678
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3211 :
name : jwmunhrqaj
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4145
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3212 :
name : nvzmkvlgit
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8273
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3213 :
name : tkxhflqyds
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2386
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3214 :
name : svkrjuoxaw
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5964
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3215 :
name : fclckqpaos
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9592
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3216 :
name : sydcqnwgkw
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1828
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3217 :
name : wnohsyzhan
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 788
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3218 :
name : tzaxbsmzyw
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 693
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3219 :
name : mqdazvayfc
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3937
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3220 :
name : bvpdssxery
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3512
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3221 :
name : rsbvsasubz
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9379
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3222 :
name : yappgjjdpc
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 6493
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3223 :
name : baqcxleqfh
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1593
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3224 :
name : racgsiqbnf
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 606
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3225 :
name : xxcpbaaisi
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3531
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3226 :
name : ohmqngyfhn
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3733
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3227 :
name : gljlcnnfvf
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3293
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3228 :
name : enhsfxydcf
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5264
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3229 :
name : fiqotvbiay
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5798
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3230 :
name : jlctdhqbns
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9773
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3231 :
name : pjpizkdbsd
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3097
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3232 :
name : gwaipgsfhh
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4208
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3233 :
name : wddonfaqiv
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3643
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3234 :
name : vvsyejeyol
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2259
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3235 :
name : asggitljlt
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8697
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3236 :
name : ygqqewziup
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8936
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3237 :
name : kcssialtly
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8017
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3238 :
name : bpkrfoqhym
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7503
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3239 :
name : nnzffjisct
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3556
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3240 :
name : pxvzrbphip
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7763
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3241 :
name : jzzightobv
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 76
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3242 :
name : ukqpljscsa
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 926
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3243 :
name : tnyuxgbrvf
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4598
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3244 :
name : rwkhlxsezk
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6371
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3245 :
name : zkkzfkfida
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7256
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3246 :
name : fgrrpfoilp
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1542
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3247 :
name : dttpuazajc
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7309
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3248 :
name : rpvjjkoxuz
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1017
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3249 :
name : dbhxrbzsdk
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8394
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3250 :
name : ykhvtqfjqc
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2508
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3251 :
name : egflfynfqs
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7879
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3252 :
name : qatyvoqdyi
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2374
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3253 :
name : rewwqbwfim
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 161
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3254 :
name : kodfoauhfu
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2931
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3255 :
name : swtoulrqqc
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4881
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3256 :
name : gtelyumubt
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8401
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3257 :
name : unwpdsawks
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4795
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3258 :
name : xjsdusyinb
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7363
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3259 :
name : uglqwoiyls
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4982
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3260 :
name : iyxacrscch
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1958
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3261 :
name : luwxnunxta
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4357
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3262 :
name : cjnzlrsfvu
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5435
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3263 :
name : qlvpkkjaie
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8941
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3264 :
name : fqmvpxokck
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1212
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3265 :
name : kzfhoruyrc
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3771
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3266 :
name : hcztzosoaw
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6661
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3267 :
name : htrocggwgx
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6240
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3268 :
name : almzelpyzq
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9420
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3269 :
name : rubkjgsrey
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7400
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3270 :
name : uivihbwyax
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1710
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3271 :
name : fiejvnpngt
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2417
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3272 :
name : kvpfgygcwi
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2636
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3273 :
name : pepunkjczs
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1704
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3274 :
name : wimnpsnxwj
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6759
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3275 :
name : ffywbnimph
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7652
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3276 :
name : ltwxglrtjn
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7600
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3277 :
name : hklhgmwobl
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1524
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3278 :
name : qgwmedaxyl
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1623
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3279 :
name : kjvwqekmsl
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 654
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3280 :
name : wsssfyxfvw
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4904
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3281 :
name : mgrkejorxg
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2870
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3282 :
name : kvveoacnhy
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1777
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3283 :
name : tbemliwzzv
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5597
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3284 :
name : ztzuypxacg
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3753
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3285 :
name : feejqqsort
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2802
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3286 :
name : djccdarcct
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9906
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3287 :
name : kwurgmjaba
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 3425
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3288 :
name : iygmalorot
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5425
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3289 :
name : ogmkxswiuz
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5791
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3290 :
name : jvjrijdwar
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7667
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3291 :
name : gdrspqnozh
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6014
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3292 :
name : ilqrfycive
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1582
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3293 :
name : bzhurzlenk
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7419
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3294 :
name : pwqfpvgsfb
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8546
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3295 :
name : rtcbnvaacn
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2162
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3296 :
name : uxzmdrhjjo
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8187
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3297 :
name : bxufyjcake
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7669
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3298 :
name : aaebmjsvud
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2316
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3299 :
name : mmjitjrwjd
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2379
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3300 :
name : jzhncvxvrr
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8255
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3301 :
name : mxcxfyizur
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1360
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3302 :
name : zpyidbeawv
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2112
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3303 :
name : phfugnsomo
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3605
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3304 :
name : mckkkplqrh
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6483
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3305 :
name : meqtaygups
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3196
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3306 :
name : gldsvpihgb
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5815
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3307 :
name : viplcplkma
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5702
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3308 :
name : ywidqesany
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7595
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3309 :
name : clmtyqlkbx
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3732
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3310 :
name : rjuzmkfhlu
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 8819
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3311 :
name : cgrozrfkbi
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1579
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3312 :
name : mwlivzsdgf
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4095
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3313 :
name : cbxvqxmxhq
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 3713
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3314 :
name : fjssrpulsc
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1859
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3315 :
name : ktrhojebio
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6988
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3316 :
name : devxzootbh
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5440
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3317 :
name : qyfjhuuoxe
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5510
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3318 :
name : hqtcpssdlu
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5115
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3319 :
name : cgxkpegmud
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6700
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3320 :
name : itdbysuqwh
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7761
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3321 :
name : pjcmtttzhn
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 535
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3322 :
name : zffdjdvdwt
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2681
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3323 :
name : csbefuzawh
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9438
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3324 :
name : tffaiogfte
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5331
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3325 :
name : ghbhnidokz
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4819
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3326 :
name : czkjcuaiav
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1186
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3327 :
name : mkpqreyxsl
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3500
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3328 :
name : qewbqyvsgx
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2135
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3329 :
name : idjztcdubw
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8999
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3330 :
name : iijelbcjtk
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5095
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3331 :
name : htbstuuyqy
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4889
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3332 :
name : ctwnxhqasj
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1183
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3333 :
name : pcdsuynqxf
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1888
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3334 :
name : otxmiuwzwo
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 498
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3335 :
name : xsidkcbzsy
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8415
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3336 :
name : awsxjbtfas
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1806
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3337 :
name : lifvnpxprr
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3873
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3338 :
name : ajasilvcqv
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6167
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3339 :
name : tmhahvpgkg
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8017
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3340 :
name : icwlwfwsjp
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9178
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3341 :
name : asuhsdeklq
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7011
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3342 :
name : dfqzqpenjn
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8099
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3343 :
name : chqwqjbvtm
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3874
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3344 :
name : lioeigtotc
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5479
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3345 :
name : adlrbccdzv
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4521
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3346 :
name : rcahgknbbj
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8025
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3347 :
name : nkkadmefpd
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3811
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3348 :
name : kbzkkhxyiy
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 618
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3349 :
name : mgkxhplnwa
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2959
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3350 :
name : fvoehzlezv
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1615
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3351 :
name : nuiztrpeen
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4261
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3352 :
name : zufpanqotp
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8142
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3353 :
name : blzjmsadye
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5921
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3354 :
name : ogpuvrjofc
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9357
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3355 :
name : eecfnqapuy
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9198
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3356 :
name : yoapkxgtlo
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8586
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3357 :
name : weyajnsjem
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 970
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3358 :
name : tprtebtmwe
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1430
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3359 :
name : pfxphhcasi
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3697
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3360 :
name : lhicdofwbd
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3315
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3361 :
name : snspdcyhct
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5274
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3362 :
name : rlqbptqurr
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3687
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3363 :
name : jnfefkgdtk
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7691
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3364 :
name : lnwbolwghn
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8491
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3365 :
name : yfrdjwppci
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7947
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3366 :
name : fpjcsapogx
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6612
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3367 :
name : fhhxmrtbix
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 143
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3368 :
name : sjhenbedpm
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7999
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3369 :
name : ullciztddd
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7080
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3370 :
name : ftemxsndxe
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9369
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3371 :
name : cdrpfbqaft
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2835
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3372 :
name : dacincccfz
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1567
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3373 :
name : gllacsbtsi
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7751
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3374 :
name : batgiiimkp
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 300
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3375 :
name : twqewtyzoq
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4170
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3376 :
name : iecdkmlszx
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9764
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3377 :
name : yraqvwltxz
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5405
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3378 :
name : fnmhqyudqt
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5254
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3379 :
name : jtnjklhxgh
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3659
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3380 :
name : wimkqcimfa
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1517
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3381 :
name : yaynlkavij
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9970
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3382 :
name : ensqziuiwz
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 991
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3383 :
name : lkukafuaae
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7018
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3384 :
name : vuiokjyerv
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4953
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3385 :
name : sbzonbukbw
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7164
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3386 :
name : wxagnmpotj
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9322
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3387 :
name : bgscuhdorf
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5505
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3388 :
name : bkhdqvqhjl
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2602
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3389 :
name : eflyhgflwx
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7390
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3390 :
name : pplwtdtjlc
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 141
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3391 :
name : enkrnrxtew
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1152
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3392 :
name : hoaumtyiej
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2599
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3393 :
name : rrzbimvihz
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 151
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3394 :
name : guogpdbnlf
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 8492
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3395 :
name : tabudkiass
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9786
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3396 :
name : ugikpxnqma
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4055
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3397 :
name : kawmwcyfcq
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1135
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3398 :
name : bmjjxyimqw
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7477
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3399 :
name : fzwdnvflci
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5463
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3400 :
name : rvgcgfaprq
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1878
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3401 :
name : dbxbekwkyy
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7570
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3402 :
name : vbwddcifrb
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 3809
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3403 :
name : hicejgrisr
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 15
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3404 :
name : tfapiessjl
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2559
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3405 :
name : rnwttiakqu
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8166
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3406 :
name : itnilxodpa
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9530
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3407 :
name : wahuubcwnu
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2222
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3408 :
name : dhitsvqgyi
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2634
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3409 :
name : nqaxkuypsl
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1329
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3410 :
name : tksefmzvua
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6764
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3411 :
name : rqlrnvonmg
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 956
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3412 :
name : cwowaviarc
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7548
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3413 :
name : cmrndeltrx
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2420
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3414 :
name : avrqttmbvf
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5578
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3415 :
name : escvhibsbu
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6843
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3416 :
name : ipuziqvwtq
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2809
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3417 :
name : enjjkqrolu
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5991
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3418 :
name : zfkveulbsf
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3821
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3419 :
name : xmsgxdzqrk
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9198
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3420 :
name : jmdvjhrvlj
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4455
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3421 :
name : kgzcoxfpny
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7745
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3422 :
name : ycdbznktkv
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8867
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3423 :
name : ltclxtifix
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 369
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3424 :
name : pdgteiirbs
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3887
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3425 :
name : aalfljavoi
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 6479
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3426 :
name : zmchfjrpcu
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2879
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3427 :
name : soievvpvrf
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3637
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3428 :
name : xbvakdlcsn
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6942
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3429 :
name : jrdtxaomvf
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 3494
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3430 :
name : epecrofcqx
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7258
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3431 :
name : pfeuybvnpq
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9746
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3432 :
name : wupcwitdkl
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5285
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3433 :
name : otdsqdwlql
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 6797
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3434 :
name : wvxnywvtzh
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6601
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3435 :
name : htaknqqjdg
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3032
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3436 :
name : ypbycbuxut
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4473
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3437 :
name : fvzfimwayb
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 8669
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3438 :
name : qcbsadvucs
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 62
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3439 :
name : zttaadoydm
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8660
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3440 :
name : tbswtvbqpd
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4720
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3441 :
name : jeqfetitro
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 927
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3442 :
name : sidmfyhiqz
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4079
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3443 :
name : eljwqppaih
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1889
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3444 :
name : cmnhzuhgdy
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 776
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3445 :
name : fsdqovggyo
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2487
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3446 :
name : jsvxbutjdw
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9992
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3447 :
name : inslejjkph
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3314
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3448 :
name : iqneppajyf
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6475
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3449 :
name : qfcjsgubsj
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7284
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3450 :
name : iuqwagnbrl
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7773
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3451 :
name : jralcvuwym
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8854
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3452 :
name : ferwcsepvv
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5492
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3453 :
name : pfvrrxmntn
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1033
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3454 :
name : vmcmiheowb
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6112
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3455 :
name : jufgnydcly
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9619
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3456 :
name : wieawohddg
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1490
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3457 :
name : gunnadldfy
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1732
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3458 :
name : eztkapzjse
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6769
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3459 :
name : mfdbsdegjl
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6428
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3460 :
name : qwrjgtzhdr
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6717
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3461 :
name : zuyevqjcys
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9820
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3462 :
name : zlssvbmukr
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9612
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3463 :
name : efaclvvuzt
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9701
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3464 :
name : vxtppqsdkd
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4880
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3465 :
name : honhtyeoue
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3010
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3466 :
name : ddgwuwpnbz
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5480
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3467 :
name : hayujtuphp
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4599
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3468 :
name : greoqykfno
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4485
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3469 :
name : ypaymjsgbb
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1277
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3470 :
name : vcezquadzp
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5736
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3471 :
name : tjfuhrfbag
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7546
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3472 :
name : qvtuwmpyrq
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6859
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3473 :
name : oeewanpgrp
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7908
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3474 :
name : cluygtmxrf
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6350
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3475 :
name : mexqcxdsfu
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2261
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3476 :
name : qzdmzlfniz
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5759
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3477 :
name : bvwanyzqsh
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1964
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3478 :
name : uxzxkyipns
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7503
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3479 :
name : janhcagbta
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1325
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3480 :
name : bilahvbqmo
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1805
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3481 :
name : mqecxiefjx
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8730
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3482 :
name : tnreqzbrrn
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1999
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3483 :
name : wswawtkabw
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9493
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3484 :
name : zyhtexsfqj
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2507
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3485 :
name : skzqmvmxvn
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9863
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3486 :
name : pmbwfgvzll
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8514
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3487 :
name : srgrismwpj
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9594
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3488 :
name : iwijvppqpd
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 8498
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3489 :
name : hjoncyiouz
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9663
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3490 :
name : hokrafhpyw
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1960
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3491 :
name : urgkhiipwe
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4478
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3492 :
name : xkshbspikn
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9888
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3493 :
name : oagukncuea
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4528
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3494 :
name : bgfunioety
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2356
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3495 :
name : vafdursylw
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1508
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3496 :
name : ozavvodksy
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3837
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3497 :
name : fpbnsxenws
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9806
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3498 :
name : yuuyrpovbj
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 518
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3499 :
name : xbuyonwucu
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2719
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3500 :
name : lqohqgyfda
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7705
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3501 :
name : tkvoljbjfd
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7653
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3502 :
name : miebpwhobk
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1751
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3503 :
name : cxtxneiqpo
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5153
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3504 :
name : wayabpykfc
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5690
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3505 :
name : chbvfoznfq
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 267
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3506 :
name : zhrzjupifw
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7627
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3507 :
name : vjowetnfis
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5179
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3508 :
name : nhheisazch
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6118
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3509 :
name : plhdkmyxtj
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9748
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3510 :
name : uahdgswhry
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2798
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3511 :
name : lprsubgvyc
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1406
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3512 :
name : vvffzlxxuo
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4427
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3513 :
name : hxbyqwzytz
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8755
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3514 :
name : vttayslvpi
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1748
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3515 :
name : dxzhxpfzpy
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4218
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3516 :
name : tkimmihzfy
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2092
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3517 :
name : ngdmnddscu
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1851
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3518 :
name : cgdmspxbpc
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7338
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3519 :
name : acffqskvmm
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6170
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3520 :
name : ggvkvpbsrq
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 862
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3521 :
name : msltzdlkzx
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9190
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3522 :
name : qucngzchrv
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 123
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3523 :
name : zbxkuxphjo
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7888
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3524 :
name : bxrfmzeogv
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1047
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3525 :
name : ozallwkddt
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 3332
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3526 :
name : yaprfdqlsy
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7622
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3527 :
name : egihuvdgyh
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3633
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3528 :
name : ldtcwagola
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2325
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3529 :
name : ocswjoumus
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 147
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3530 :
name : dbeyfaynol
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5225
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3531 :
name : qkekgpyaes
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7190
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3532 :
name : qluvjaxkpo
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4826
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3533 :
name : vskaetrcvv
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3402
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3534 :
name : oeljzwlyia
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8878
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3535 :
name : gfashelyij
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2602
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3536 :
name : bhwosxldxt
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5646
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3537 :
name : hvcholnbmx
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4515
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3538 :
name : uniscdppgm
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2733
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3539 :
name : yrxcbloqpc
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2299
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3540 :
name : lobvgdavuj
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9820
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3541 :
name : ziizmjmabb
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 766
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3542 :
name : obvpzduzao
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1890
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3543 :
name : jjeriqcxtg
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7912
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3544 :
name : fqrchqgcsg
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5313
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3545 :
name : mxwsqejtbe
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7832
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3546 :
name : rdvjgfbojt
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7771
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3547 :
name : idmeyclhxo
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1547
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3548 :
name : ygatriaswj
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4622
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3549 :
name : curobpsmys
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1091
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3550 :
name : ntiqozyprx
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7851
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3551 :
name : gnmxdnnybn
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 84
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3552 :
name : zytjokiozb
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2934
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3553 :
name : alamjgbyec
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3685
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3554 :
name : ileeuuoejp
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2533
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3555 :
name : brneeykhyo
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9847
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3556 :
name : qgkvkgrala
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8974
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3557 :
name : zlbmphnzpl
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6944
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3558 :
name : wsfipqogsz
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7675
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3559 :
name : cffetvlgwc
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7408
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3560 :
name : epfkxwaofu
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5821
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3561 :
name : akbiqwfefb
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2952
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3562 :
name : bqkiajfcxm
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2165
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3563 :
name : wihxqytvcy
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5338
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3564 :
name : snpexpnesl
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3229
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3565 :
name : togalyahve
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4030
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3566 :
name : nbvchsuuzo
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9770
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3567 :
name : fyymbmkbti
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 871
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3568 :
name : imofpvzjqy
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3275
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3569 :
name : ajbaxcmkgf
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8541
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3570 :
name : vezmjqhkzz
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2416
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3571 :
name : adqddniszo
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1537
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3572 :
name : rftqrchapi
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4858
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3573 :
name : pbgfelvodu
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9275
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3574 :
name : dztxsmbbnq
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4933
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3575 :
name : tmpbtvnqks
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 984
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3576 :
name : kgyfdssfvh
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7985
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3577 :
name : mhtdjnayfk
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3494
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3578 :
name : yaeyfhrzoo
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1310
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3579 :
name : dshwxqlyqt
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 656
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3580 :
name : ljzpieyben
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5308
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3581 :
name : xqlgolxcjn
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9229
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3582 :
name : vvqumabnbh
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2054
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3583 :
name : oaycgonfqy
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 932
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3584 :
name : aptrlirovv
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1721
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3585 :
name : wfyuhgkumd
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1473
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3586 :
name : oorkhdsbtp
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 8165
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3587 :
name : minmexsorg
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2746
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3588 :
name : oasfkakebe
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9290
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3589 :
name : dvvqjzpepj
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2180
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3590 :
name : zovtvitgmw
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2752
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3591 :
name : ikrdcaesgw
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1796
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3592 :
name : cbhzuchqku
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9395
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3593 :
name : zupqyuteoz
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4601
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3594 :
name : jpsqpmvwcf
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5801
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3595 :
name : hyvzovvhcj
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2339
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3596 :
name : tlhldwzyvc
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3798
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3597 :
name : wrktqapnkt
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1922
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3598 :
name : rrfbcjzehu
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4597
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3599 :
name : wzpishkjvu
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1912
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3600 :
name : ivlpwoyyui
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 378
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3601 :
name : vackiwttgq
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1829
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3602 :
name : cnincgddex
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2860
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3603 :
name : efeiroflhn
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9732
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3604 :
name : krrshvamyf
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2043
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3605 :
name : lsdpcxehkn
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2311
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3606 :
name : oeufwbbyob
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7608
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3607 :
name : nxfsoirurb
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8098
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3608 :
name : uloosmqvke
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5655
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3609 :
name : tfcbxrlrle
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1979
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3610 :
name : gffwuzimvv
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2436
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3611 :
name : srrvsqodhb
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9284
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3612 :
name : rnxwjrvuds
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4061
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3613 :
name : awkttfkhkr
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9960
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3614 :
name : nzokvzdsti
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3798
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3615 :
name : yenixinhqy
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5295
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3616 :
name : vnilxflczg
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6080
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3617 :
name : hnwwytfndv
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2215
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3618 :
name : hfurttygwx
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 287
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3619 :
name : clnyhntmby
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4435
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3620 :
name : nqghhbahhy
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6552
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3621 :
name : hxmwvtkqin
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 6764
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3622 :
name : eitmrdnskw
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3614
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3623 :
name : qihcfeyrxi
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3690
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3624 :
name : gnucblfodr
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5112
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3625 :
name : xugfxnlvei
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9321
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3626 :
name : iphcrinyzt
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7454
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3627 :
name : qakyhhlser
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6574
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3628 :
name : tlganxkdxj
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7172
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3629 :
name : kjtuiadvvh
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9271
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3630 :
name : kjnslcswhp
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2613
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3631 :
name : wliphqslnn
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5152
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3632 :
name : sbaftmklkr
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5316
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3633 :
name : xdffvoxnzl
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7284
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3634 :
name : ejmhrfvdtf
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9153
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3635 :
name : qvfvaakapl
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 8256
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3636 :
name : udvgmoohrh
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7388
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3637 :
name : ebgjyjjkja
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6652
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3638 :
name : dczzilpyuh
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5202
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3639 :
name : kpytawemjn
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4198
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3640 :
name : fjofkzsczn
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5910
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3641 :
name : sukqplntzw
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1146
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3642 :
name : rxfgephwrg
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7290
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3643 :
name : jzjtqygfsf
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9992
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3644 :
name : mztrhxjqvc
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1938
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3645 :
name : vvperhfxox
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9762
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3646 :
name : tkdoeklnbj
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 303
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3647 :
name : gukxabffyt
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3578
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3648 :
name : qbotqsgdfh
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6488
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3649 :
name : vktfivipdj
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7143
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3650 :
name : qqrejhwpmd
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9644
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3651 :
name : afqvmarvru
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7130
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3652 :
name : vitmoevmuh
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4061
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3653 :
name : ovjgrvgisz
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 721
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3654 :
name : febyssdpez
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5572
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3655 :
name : zvmidfgjpa
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1604
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3656 :
name : ssjtrclwrs
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4739
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3657 :
name : huvvczbkkq
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2061
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3658 :
name : pcaaxtelrw
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9701
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3659 :
name : ocfmxhnyuz
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4105
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3660 :
name : euvhuuczfw
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1611
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3661 :
name : xchcofmdfg
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7850
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3662 :
name : gdvbmsvrrd
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6594
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3663 :
name : vzfcdvjryp
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4918
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3664 :
name : pshkvuctnv
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9506
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3665 :
name : ricwnguwxu
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2836
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3666 :
name : zoghabdfws
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3295
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3667 :
name : vhsyffgzef
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2279
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3668 :
name : qtgycjbhoy
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8105
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3669 :
name : eopxovewuk
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9137
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3670 :
name : uafdyjmasc
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3787
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3671 :
name : bbcqarngpi
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5711
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3672 :
name : mpctsdcefu
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2022
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3673 :
name : zgecyevmlk
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 705
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3674 :
name : ilmkehnjls
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6282
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3675 :
name : duhhwfotrz
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3444
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3676 :
name : cszqefxuol
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8230
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3677 :
name : irhpaguobo
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2174
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3678 :
name : rwlqnqwkkm
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5003
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3679 :
name : vmffdinywo
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7249
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3680 :
name : pjfbbsrzed
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3828
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3681 :
name : sqxzxahkag
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8589
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3682 :
name : cmrhpszisg
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 305
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3683 :
name : uistipwrbw
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5452
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3684 :
name : tuombdedny
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3251
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3685 :
name : frzzljphbs
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2225
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3686 :
name : vnmjzppguc
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 370
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3687 :
name : wswxrjhisi
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9459
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3688 :
name : ashoejgvra
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2813
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3689 :
name : oaakysthal
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5764
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3690 :
name : fatmqxxwuo
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4693
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3691 :
name : sxztkzndgn
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3198
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3692 :
name : shwlvnltlf
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2030
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3693 :
name : yotzhdywig
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5470
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3694 :
name : zumyiiltdw
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8684
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3695 :
name : cauxzdazzj
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1995
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3696 :
name : ojjahrkumn
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5403
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3697 :
name : ggpaeqdgpc
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1465
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3698 :
name : bqrlsbedxr
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 293
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3699 :
name : twbkyfabnp
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1550
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3700 :
name : vvzoirrnup
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4422
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3701 :
name : afebpcipgv
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 8977
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3702 :
name : jqfigncycy
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2282
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3703 :
name : tuzzxqbhhj
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5870
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3704 :
name : grcnbjdfhf
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4611
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3705 :
name : imnklkapsk
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3718
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3706 :
name : kgxmvbvyie
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5395
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3707 :
name : tcugogqpvk
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5642
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3708 :
name : okdnxyquxz
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4528
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3709 :
name : vuzqcoytft
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2989
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3710 :
name : nfrquorliq
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6802
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3711 :
name : qxjpnmflhk
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6181
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3712 :
name : zmiqefevso
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2969
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3713 :
name : pwcymrktct
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1671
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3714 :
name : lxvwnbbtzt
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9620
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3715 :
name : ezphxdykzd
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7580
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3716 :
name : wxbttqxwkw
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4559
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3717 :
name : dsfvbeyaqx
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2421
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3718 :
name : ipelkzbhvn
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5914
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3719 :
name : ntvuowzpwp
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2960
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3720 :
name : tdlzovbrfy
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1852
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3721 :
name : neuiyihxzd
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7880
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3722 :
name : dvmoxclyvq
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7058
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3723 :
name : bxzvhxgoxh
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7112
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3724 :
name : ggmuujyhhu
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7381
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3725 :
name : remqcvqkkp
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7784
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3726 :
name : txnfsjqsqz
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9296
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3727 :
name : ueaixedpop
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8970
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3728 :
name : aayniswykp
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4380
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3729 :
name : bbqdjphogx
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4541
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3730 :
name : fawdpgvmgh
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4479
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3731 :
name : qlmjqxaxoh
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9708
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3732 :
name : pitnnltkxb
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3215
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3733 :
name : tqygzodcor
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5464
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3734 :
name : fvxakmlfwk
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7397
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3735 :
name : zigzoipukf
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 243
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3736 :
name : fgbfglrurq
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8575
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3737 :
name : yuzevqokka
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8690
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3738 :
name : bpcculnofg
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7631
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3739 :
name : zmczqxphkb
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7679
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3740 :
name : xgdbkaoxov
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1976
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3741 :
name : pouspmpgtb
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 34
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3742 :
name : reqviavwzl
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6138
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3743 :
name : rsmlmbzejv
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8039
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3744 :
name : iceyxmyuix
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6146
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3745 :
name : dfypsmsuqb
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1198
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3746 :
name : qxjwvjivft
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3028
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3747 :
name : deldvdpnxi
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9913
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3748 :
name : peayavjlsp
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9981
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3749 :
name : hitsloydev
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2069
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3750 :
name : pimqionszg
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9772
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3751 :
name : jwrepfvnkb
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8534
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3752 :
name : hmatekirej
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 258
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3753 :
name : ygzrkqyhfk
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4664
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3754 :
name : bpcblgovzs
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1027
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3755 :
name : kvblnobnvi
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5875
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3756 :
name : qjfsmqacnz
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6929
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3757 :
name : unlvzajcph
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7762
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3758 :
name : dfiizwbzzo
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2637
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3759 :
name : avmlsnnesc
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2485
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3760 :
name : pfbznavobw
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5363
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3761 :
name : rpbeawtpcl
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3633
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3762 :
name : odwpcjrzau
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4201
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3763 :
name : cgkgmmcfcg
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5582
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3764 :
name : mcnkrptlov
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7665
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3765 :
name : vkhfqtruat
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5436
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3766 :
name : bjjotcdonu
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9175
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3767 :
name : hhkqmalgwm
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8870
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3768 :
name : owexlzaqop
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9517
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3769 :
name : lcwvtkygqu
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5356
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3770 :
name : mqlrowqqpg
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1859
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3771 :
name : xbxvysfwyy
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8337
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3772 :
name : hwlsnzrerg
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6748
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3773 :
name : csqznqrunr
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9937
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3774 :
name : ftmroasfem
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7514
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3775 :
name : ywfqvsgonv
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9126
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3776 :
name : pypcrdejkk
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 3439
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3777 :
name : oemtwkodyd
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2565
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3778 :
name : irxyvodzzo
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4188
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3779 :
name : dcksviclnc
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7642
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3780 :
name : klhhjfvpgw
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5834
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3781 :
name : zwijqftsrh
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1032
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3782 :
name : lryuajzxyi
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 269
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3783 :
name : gowozmvtgo
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5831
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3784 :
name : kgfiagucdu
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5977
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3785 :
name : asdwidkdws
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7227
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3786 :
name : kadqldyfhb
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7344
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3787 :
name : sbxvzfajly
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4743
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3788 :
name : rkzwakayrj
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2898
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3789 :
name : gzyguxlxhy
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6812
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3790 :
name : anvakvmmwe
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8238
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3791 :
name : thgrpapazy
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4787
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3792 :
name : theohqlvcj
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2024
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3793 :
name : qujwlyzcby
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2960
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3794 :
name : meptuyjhuo
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 133
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3795 :
name : qtqcpdaqgb
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2322
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3796 :
name : obzfuvefda
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8746
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3797 :
name : terlgjpizx
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4370
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3798 :
name : bfgclcyrjd
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2550
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3799 :
name : vkwpveymnx
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1495
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3800 :
name : vsydulhucq
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5278
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3801 :
name : suvqjtvhfk
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6842
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3802 :
name : btczyykfto
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2578
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3803 :
name : vrlsiulfdr
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4715
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3804 :
name : sbfwbeullp
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2117
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3805 :
name : zgakzkgmpl
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6739
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3806 :
name : ghimfjsawf
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2178
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3807 :
name : ccsemrpueg
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 822
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3808 :
name : tkibyokqqj
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5944
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3809 :
name : rrnkvcdmyj
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3466
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3810 :
name : wbugdtwplo
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4745
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3811 :
name : lzpalnepzd
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 200
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3812 :
name : ttenahgwwu
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1194
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3813 :
name : cwetyqgdfi
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3239
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3814 :
name : hkwlxyugvs
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8620
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3815 :
name : ujrzdrrluy
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8564
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3816 :
name : ihdhsdfolc
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9451
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3817 :
name : hseatjskum
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7836
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3818 :
name : kyzqhtvnhi
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9846
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3819 :
name : rlgxmzggkb
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9304
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3820 :
name : nwjomqhhdq
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6374
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3821 :
name : tfmbdaalgk
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4448
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3822 :
name : pugykuptdu
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7884
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3823 :
name : soofptfpeo
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4758
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3824 :
name : zwzivjekdi
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8995
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3825 :
name : lqvbxmwfcc
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3972
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3826 :
name : ajhzrckwop
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2271
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3827 :
name : nvnlylxuqz
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5768
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3828 :
name : owcwxwakur
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 65
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3829 :
name : ltgyeelbbd
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6791
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3830 :
name : hxvmvuivee
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9249
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3831 :
name : oneuoibzmc
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4495
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3832 :
name : cbuxppuzna
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6873
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3833 :
name : svvwsjftjt
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9587
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3834 :
name : fdgcdxrxwg
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 8371
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3835 :
name : qaenwyxdri
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 649
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3836 :
name : boukqxhjwe
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 688
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3837 :
name : osgufcscil
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9112
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3838 :
name : skbowrodak
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1489
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3839 :
name : qfmwzsbtwj
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1418
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3840 :
name : cbddpzudfx
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8396
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3841 :
name : krmwplqqgn
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2869
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3842 :
name : prwtvmsrrx
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4433
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3843 :
name : vqbioqvfhc
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6553
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3844 :
name : mfpiymwtdo
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8752
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3845 :
name : hcqkmgdhlk
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5765
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3846 :
name : sofjydvvyy
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6329
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3847 :
name : usbmepthxg
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 775
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3848 :
name : lgaqpbwmww
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6216
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3849 :
name : nbnqougjbf
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9794
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3850 :
name : crpejgfhsd
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7939
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3851 :
name : kgpzzdtfmv
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8369
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3852 :
name : bfasmlattu
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1811
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3853 :
name : mxbbzagshs
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8454
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3854 :
name : ekcgcosehn
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6119
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3855 :
name : glthoshwno
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5556
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3856 :
name : euugazwudd
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9055
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3857 :
name : icqblgwtcj
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4746
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3858 :
name : xvzudcvzya
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9487
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3859 :
name : hajxevfaoh
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7560
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3860 :
name : hwlisqknrj
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8818
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3861 :
name : wbribvdgxr
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1801
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3862 :
name : fycshujtjc
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9623
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3863 :
name : ruskctfhac
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1831
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3864 :
name : svgxqptbid
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2249
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3865 :
name : tvglhkhmtj
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 626
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3866 :
name : iwfqtvhpws
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7948
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3867 :
name : tndcykofyi
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9920
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3868 :
name : jaqpqmmybl
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3014
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3869 :
name : vscauckjkk
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5573
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3870 :
name : uesmtkahkd
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7025
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3871 :
name : peuteqwqzi
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7685
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3872 :
name : cwpwlkjntt
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6695
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3873 :
name : bfcvygmwxn
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9791
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3874 :
name : rtyislsbzl
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3162
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3875 :
name : xyobvphjne
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8453
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3876 :
name : gwgggysabr
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9336
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3877 :
name : smwhnsywbl
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3636
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3878 :
name : qndxtjxnjb
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4548
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3879 :
name : zkaytpqrlt
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7515
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3880 :
name : bykfxgqxva
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3224
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3881 :
name : lcfnaycspn
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4447
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3882 :
name : bjamqauhxp
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8892
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3883 :
name : nvaskbrmtg
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4819
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3884 :
name : ahbdvrdpya
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4696
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3885 :
name : vnovfyyyms
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9340
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3886 :
name : pkcqnzjsqk
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2736
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3887 :
name : nokdlrekqq
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 715
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3888 :
name : cuqgmfgyxw
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 278
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3889 :
name : qqccwouaam
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4544
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3890 :
name : tbimjwtput
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9723
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3891 :
name : zcybeurawt
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9370
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3892 :
name : nvrvhataso
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3663
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3893 :
name : ahvzkavecu
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1932
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3894 :
name : zonqlwsezk
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2887
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3895 :
name : mnlhoyjmcm
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2336
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3896 :
name : vqulifhamg
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7706
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3897 :
name : ftlrdzrmlt
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7867
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3898 :
name : bbavmkdvlr
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6346
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3899 :
name : vmdgfihwwv
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8735
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3900 :
name : brddmrorpb
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3800
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3901 :
name : ifonnwvuus
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4110
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3902 :
name : thtxmhqabf
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 6609
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3903 :
name : cnyrcnnyij
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 768
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3904 :
name : xaqszdcsfd
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9527
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3905 :
name : icaivdwkdg
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 536
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3906 :
name : rpchjemlws
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7426
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3907 :
name : onarvxwtiz
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4735
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3908 :
name : wakajuewha
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3933
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3909 :
name : vhqxanvwhd
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9142
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3910 :
name : cptpqflwbs
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7331
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3911 :
name : vuvlswbpuk
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1719
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3912 :
name : ofzhurmfnp
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5501
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3913 :
name : wqgsdyoeni
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 8647
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3914 :
name : mxrlgmevtr
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5853
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3915 :
name : rrgxljxzok
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6696
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3916 :
name : fykxlrlpog
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3833
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3917 :
name : sgpaeajbcz
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7579
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3918 :
name : tpxgoixzyl
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2602
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3919 :
name : jbeadianmc
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2757
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3920 :
name : pocouqwtrw
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2028
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3921 :
name : dekiepshcg
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2269
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3922 :
name : utdyhzpdui
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9612
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3923 :
name : onaaxhppou
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1392
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3924 :
name : ecwibdjsje
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2949
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3925 :
name : cyhfagmrwc
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 600
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3926 :
name : fhfbrihccq
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9524
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3927 :
name : xtmhyonmil
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9770
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3928 :
name : kzhrcabjcd
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2004
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3929 :
name : wetklubagj
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2599
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3930 :
name : efqnyspzcu
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8014
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3931 :
name : hkocwbwzbf
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5315
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3932 :
name : tvsllrdasf
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 872
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3933 :
name : vkxjntkjtn
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7988
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3934 :
name : qnqiybbedw
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8124
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3935 :
name : gtofcbaokv
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8372
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3936 :
name : tzlljlmlps
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7409
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3937 :
name : xmrlrvmrmz
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4881
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3938 :
name : xhyithuhuj
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9931
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3939 :
name : ktvbgowvgk
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5203
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3940 :
name : zvszgnhaxd
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5004
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3941 :
name : sipqlxejsm
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4840
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3942 :
name : qwgjvmyeov
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2411
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3943 :
name : snjhduekgz
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1152
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3944 :
name : yusefosgsi
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1178
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3945 :
name : lplwyqrfax
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7612
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3946 :
name : tpxmvfcplw
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 708
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3947 :
name : yublqccjhc
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6314
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3948 :
name : cduarpftfs
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8665
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3949 :
name : srhwcaygjf
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5477
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3950 :
name : wncqntiuop
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2614
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3951 :
name : hprqlwqlca
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6769
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3952 :
name : tgjyzythui
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7797
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3953 :
name : oytgpechre
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3857
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3954 :
name : qxcbvbzoiv
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2826
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3955 :
name : hdybjphlwz
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6871
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3956 :
name : ebegebhfsr
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4648
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3957 :
name : wnkwotlxgi
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8745
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3958 :
name : xloertfayz
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1653
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3959 :
name : zsrlphgafm
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7368
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3960 :
name : awxpcoihqi
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7254
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3961 :
name : qayhlnrtpy
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 132
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3962 :
name : ovylkacuks
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3673
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3963 :
name : leulnhagcq
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2601
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3964 :
name : suathmtjgd
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2393
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3965 :
name : svjojwvjfx
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4695
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3966 :
name : monmhvzaeh
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 125
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3967 :
name : zxqilzhjim
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2094
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3968 :
name : pdterazqde
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9791
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3969 :
name : hwmxgywnhe
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8431
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3970 :
name : wqlrudsuvv
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 453
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3971 :
name : vvqiswgokp
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2041
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3972 :
name : pleadbfxvb
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4113
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3973 :
name : qvjgdddlup
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1993
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3974 :
name : rysxyxyguv
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3041
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3975 :
name : gylrgruleo
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5568
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3976 :
name : myoevobuux
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3878
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3977 :
name : dsjojphddm
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 348
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3978 :
name : llibrgrscm
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1906
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3979 :
name : chxnygdfmg
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3624
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3980 :
name : wbtgemmwhq
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3927
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3981 :
name : pgkntkvwqj
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 8422
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3982 :
name : xqfsykenin
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9919
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3983 :
name : rdbdsvontg
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5986
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3984 :
name : tnkzhilovt
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6278
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3985 :
name : ierkklhyba
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5755
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3986 :
name : ureeslnfzi
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5790
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3987 :
name : yvxrhhdofe
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9373
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3988 :
name : wkzaqtodyp
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8945
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3989 :
name : jxhipopsdw
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6508
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3990 :
name : rcxtdomtrn
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 360
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3991 :
name : xkeeuvujpz
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6892
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3992 :
name : fhycadqpwk
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7972
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3993 :
name : amthqncnwu
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2192
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3994 :
name : fndfpfiiug
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4043
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3995 :
name : uqynxrbbez
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1556
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3996 :
name : amnftflbpf
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1419
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3997 :
name : qpoodlfgpl
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 147
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 3998 :
name : enhusabfds
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8580
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 3999 :
name : bfzqvcddiu
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4640
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4000 :
name : czpkvkmyps
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8649
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4001 :
name : owaomwsszb
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1990
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4002 :
name : vwjnigxugo
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6782
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4003 :
name : mhnnxcjquk
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6888
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4004 :
name : jjcuwkatgg
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4437
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4005 :
name : xpzncxrnpn
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5206
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4006 :
name : zifbdcnfxw
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3042
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4007 :
name : jscihefyuu
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5013
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4008 :
name : aibilgkbnj
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 354
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4009 :
name : hzqjhzqpxk
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8618
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4010 :
name : wsyxakfmnu
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5441
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4011 :
name : wabokknabk
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1579
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4012 :
name : klzjkcvpqi
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3249
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4013 :
name : wgkxuwhjyj
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2399
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4014 :
name : fzlgkxifpz
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4172
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4015 :
name : bhrnenjoyj
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7242
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4016 :
name : wehjkshvzw
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4678
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4017 :
name : iokbboqmeo
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7316
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4018 :
name : ppgyyrqfms
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6618
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4019 :
name : lkmxlnodas
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4065
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4020 :
name : yrdfqdyijm
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2809
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4021 :
name : txxfultiqv
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4145
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4022 :
name : izelgwpeea
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6539
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4023 :
name : binbpkmkue
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5027
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4024 :
name : bgahugdlnj
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9353
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4025 :
name : hdgwevgsgd
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8741
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4026 :
name : bosbvojazw
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9105
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4027 :
name : ajqgfubooj
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5428
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4028 :
name : iumcxjqhlr
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1870
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4029 :
name : tjjjrpgtfu
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6248
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4030 :
name : fkmrmjcfqp
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8147
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4031 :
name : mvrwginmds
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8159
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4032 :
name : hwvvpkfupx
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7522
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4033 :
name : diowgxgtlk
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3001
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4034 :
name : hojdkyprsg
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3258
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4035 :
name : nrjbnrytmk
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 6387
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4036 :
name : tjvcofddyx
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2294
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4037 :
name : drtovgitcu
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9349
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4038 :
name : chuxkieple
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1290
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4039 :
name : vvsrlnxtib
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9908
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4040 :
name : wolqmxasmn
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3584
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4041 :
name : jpodgzqgvb
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3002
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4042 :
name : vqjggxeiqs
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2362
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4043 :
name : msacxjeqpz
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8231
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4044 :
name : fdjojsmpce
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1016
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4045 :
name : gqciuarasi
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3676
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4046 :
name : eswnjhhxzk
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3617
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4047 :
name : uicxqxzkzr
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1651
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4048 :
name : vhhtxqaenz
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3901
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4049 :
name : txavwsuxcw
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2966
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4050 :
name : npkuijminb
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4788
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4051 :
name : lnfnldgfai
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4202
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4052 :
name : kobwkjfxuu
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5569
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4053 :
name : jhoqxzudgw
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 612
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4054 :
name : dhafflomki
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8049
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4055 :
name : puqfknegsk
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2725
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4056 :
name : hbljgswxeg
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9492
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4057 :
name : bnsrsegwny
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3953
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4058 :
name : kotyxaqwxv
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6123
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4059 :
name : izpcshgzfv
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3566
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4060 :
name : hslbqkdigc
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5837
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4061 :
name : lxhcbamkzr
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6440
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4062 :
name : eeaphsamci
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3254
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4063 :
name : akxjoyjaik
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8846
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4064 :
name : tgpvxznzlp
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6688
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4065 :
name : xdnunbuwcf
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 974
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4066 :
name : gnfxidwxek
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5819
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4067 :
name : nlvahibbhd
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5770
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4068 :
name : zlxelfjjco
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7251
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4069 :
name : usrqsyauch
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8082
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4070 :
name : jaziemnqwr
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4957
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4071 :
name : qfpiviixek
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 324
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4072 :
name : lqgmylzobx
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5377
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4073 :
name : jkwzuthcrn
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1715
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4074 :
name : xzudnvqolt
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4887
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4075 :
name : sjaqiukryb
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1282
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4076 :
name : dueazsvsii
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8019
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4077 :
name : qgfqyomihl
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7111
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4078 :
name : gofkogelyn
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3566
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4079 :
name : dqgigeyvpg
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9797
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4080 :
name : dsxkdnqhyr
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6840
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4081 :
name : diijtrptme
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4216
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4082 :
name : qyzpkecbnc
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7978
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4083 :
name : payyltpcmd
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9878
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4084 :
name : hgkgvumxxa
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4701
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4085 :
name : znqxnbseef
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 534
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4086 :
name : eqjoyglldi
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4587
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4087 :
name : qurhufkmjo
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3418
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4088 :
name : ivrtlqzwbe
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8957
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4089 :
name : oxfigznrmy
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1578
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4090 :
name : vvtmpeeobh
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4628
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4091 :
name : gwomevntmb
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4460
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4092 :
name : hgcaurebhh
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9022
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4093 :
name : goixcmsshg
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2494
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4094 :
name : iltklqdqrk
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 8194
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4095 :
name : bxajuexowe
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 591
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4096 :
name : sggnqrdtjw
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1415
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4097 :
name : jxxlisqfgm
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5279
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4098 :
name : zkhfxxydsi
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4740
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4099 :
name : tltqwckmht
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2941
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4100 :
name : xcxejwdkzx
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1579
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4101 :
name : qgnmymolax
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4553
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4102 :
name : fzlefvbkhc
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9130
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4103 :
name : iwwxiwjyhm
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 6952
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4104 :
name : wxoievfhfm
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3716
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4105 :
name : dzmbwwxiuh
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7533
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4106 :
name : kghaqlwvsb
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2553
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4107 :
name : gbtueqqdak
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2390
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4108 :
name : lrnurdfnaz
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2969
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4109 :
name : znishmkzqm
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4505
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4110 :
name : qxafrujyjl
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4160
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4111 :
name : cdwlxfzkep
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9521
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4112 :
name : dxzectanrl
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5753
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4113 :
name : vyculbzlle
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2314
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4114 :
name : vaqvguqgij
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7149
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4115 :
name : zdfdxtfygs
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5255
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4116 :
name : ttflqlggtq
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8020
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4117 :
name : iwxpzuigso
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5098
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4118 :
name : exolihyopr
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1816
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4119 :
name : xpywfzqpgl
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7595
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4120 :
name : flfvwoeueu
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 6276
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4121 :
name : dskbopdhgj
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7315
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4122 :
name : wlceiaunwy
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 6556
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4123 :
name : emyopmfsvl
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2743
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4124 :
name : tqgwwpyqcv
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9941
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4125 :
name : mijkwzxdtu
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2611
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4126 :
name : fkkmigdiwh
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 777
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4127 :
name : naxxlvykat
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8155
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4128 :
name : lwvvifclna
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5534
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4129 :
name : ebhbasyyey
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7932
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4130 :
name : azvvxfabsp
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2347
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4131 :
name : rvczzctxby
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1432
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4132 :
name : kplgmknmlg
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1539
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4133 :
name : tfdveczaba
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 3728
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4134 :
name : lvfybrirft
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6020
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4135 :
name : pmeujjyjlz
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8978
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4136 :
name : ryrzwvsgmy
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3856
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4137 :
name : ibtmvextpi
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9814
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4138 :
name : trolqmijsw
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4406
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4139 :
name : nchgqcnoyc
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8100
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4140 :
name : vpklcbxmmr
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8271
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4141 :
name : shtzpjbczz
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4163
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4142 :
name : ninytqbten
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2781
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4143 :
name : bpnuodfrff
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 998
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4144 :
name : bbhobcgcvl
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5221
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4145 :
name : gewuamzffg
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3650
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4146 :
name : supbjqdrub
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1050
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4147 :
name : qlumhwagdf
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6065
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4148 :
name : sbcjenzkgt
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7627
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4149 :
name : wmcsaloatr
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 940
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4150 :
name : rhtvqxipho
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7610
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4151 :
name : rocticfwca
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9739
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4152 :
name : aqjtnzqvra
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5067
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4153 :
name : leknavqhtu
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 965
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4154 :
name : isdrlrqdoj
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5878
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4155 :
name : jjwtwwqofk
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9084
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4156 :
name : gzzmqmdjpt
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8139
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4157 :
name : moeikchcro
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 946
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4158 :
name : mqrnejzhur
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5131
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4159 :
name : fllltxnabe
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5635
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4160 :
name : wjqpwvyyet
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9689
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4161 :
name : eirrtnqgps
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 587
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4162 :
name : gnmycitdiy
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5078
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4163 :
name : okihcbusik
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8871
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4164 :
name : tacfzgoujy
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5057
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4165 :
name : wqwfxaiuuq
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 956
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4166 :
name : aoccvdklzu
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5720
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4167 :
name : peonlnnuhh
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8915
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4168 :
name : syyuctzmfy
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5305
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4169 :
name : qbbeqnsfhz
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2576
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4170 :
name : xxtvtvoskv
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6211
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4171 :
name : jdhnkzccel
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2403
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4172 :
name : apvtkorbid
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4154
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4173 :
name : ewvnjfnnjt
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3629
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4174 :
name : khwhchvtkf
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7615
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4175 :
name : xcqupbberk
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7942
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4176 :
name : gzfcgklefv
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3483
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4177 :
name : btetpvvrcm
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6522
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4178 :
name : eiplnyvaeb
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9222
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4179 :
name : jfgpzvkwmo
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2781
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4180 :
name : htbyfqwcqc
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1737
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4181 :
name : fxyloxizvv
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4720
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4182 :
name : dpqgnvwkzn
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4594
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4183 :
name : untuahtjio
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8326
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4184 :
name : puvfbiczsc
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9816
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4185 :
name : cmdxgdhbmp
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4182
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4186 :
name : vziqhjbjit
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8841
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4187 :
name : sbzvyhafip
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2368
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4188 :
name : vmkdcrofdy
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8786
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4189 :
name : kvolsosvwa
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4032
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4190 :
name : kqvvvaolfr
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 611
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4191 :
name : xujnfedazb
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8015
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4192 :
name : imzfjwhyip
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5140
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4193 :
name : jyxtnfzrfy
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3030
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4194 :
name : tzysghpofz
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7298
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4195 :
name : wmzufmbgfi
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 900
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4196 :
name : bkqbfyiumq
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7074
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4197 :
name : nkeoglbhrg
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1757
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4198 :
name : xkaplfotbc
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9275
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4199 :
name : mqvseddfnw
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4908
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4200 :
name : juxjlirbes
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3152
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4201 :
name : zmiwemajun
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 878
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4202 :
name : fjccuqnlrr
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6139
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4203 :
name : awjitnxvwt
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5378
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4204 :
name : jkmophecsx
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1874
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4205 :
name : sgqcolrnio
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1278
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4206 :
name : vvkhjzqpdj
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 556
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4207 :
name : dajtcagtno
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8361
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4208 :
name : hactjnsacx
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6240
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4209 :
name : bxaksekyaa
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7813
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4210 :
name : fioibaxwac
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2228
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4211 :
name : tsducvapwa
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 933
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4212 :
name : autrewtcst
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4603
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4213 :
name : luxqoborsk
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4009
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4214 :
name : hgvczbbsfv
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2860
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4215 :
name : oghnzxrnoj
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9618
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4216 :
name : vftqjuukmz
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7460
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4217 :
name : zifgvegotu
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8867
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4218 :
name : qquljggdsu
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4521
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4219 :
name : urazzxdhmw
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3391
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4220 :
name : gazcmikuld
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 36
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4221 :
name : xjaxiaxohl
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2390
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4222 :
name : ijuhniqycb
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9898
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4223 :
name : beqbdbdapn
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5473
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4224 :
name : wuprcdbsdg
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6926
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4225 :
name : issbvwczyr
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2561
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4226 :
name : zltoextfpw
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6113
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4227 :
name : pxvhyrfase
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 573
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4228 :
name : qmhlbniwvz
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6033
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4229 :
name : pmulwuebww
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4927
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4230 :
name : aqrkbsxkqs
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7898
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4231 :
name : apvucrogvk
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6846
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4232 :
name : dksuuvosff
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2867
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4233 :
name : xphvjjmzrj
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8555
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4234 :
name : qsqkokfden
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9041
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4235 :
name : ycwgxhrjhj
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1955
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4236 :
name : mzzejnoqst
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9721
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4237 :
name : skjqqgyhrh
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7358
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4238 :
name : knujrdzhur
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3823
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4239 :
name : djvoznwzwn
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5713
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4240 :
name : xwdsiuxhdt
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7122
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4241 :
name : gzfbpfqlgm
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8490
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4242 :
name : tcbwwjsusw
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5501
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4243 :
name : aqpgrgnjst
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6473
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4244 :
name : pvatrxcmtx
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7825
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4245 :
name : fqlwwfdlov
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8849
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4246 :
name : qjhqcapgmk
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 472
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4247 :
name : qbfdxdiapx
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7564
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4248 :
name : vfaeyefnlt
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8411
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4249 :
name : innpqkvznm
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8459
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4250 :
name : bfjcjhiqvv
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1105
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4251 :
name : ymfnexzzym
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6538
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4252 :
name : dylocwwlnr
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8731
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4253 :
name : isrphvmhwl
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2486
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4254 :
name : pbdcqhzmso
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 794
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4255 :
name : qdqjsxfgeb
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3920
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4256 :
name : rucwxseygw
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7044
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4257 :
name : trnjahihpp
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5100
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4258 :
name : rpitmfnsfv
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3803
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4259 :
name : slnhwqqexg
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2194
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4260 :
name : deylzmtngy
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3741
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4261 :
name : mnzcvvsncp
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7203
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4262 :
name : kpokdnwycc
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7554
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4263 :
name : pftphqkzem
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6797
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4264 :
name : ufbkpgxmec
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6898
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4265 :
name : vjaqahhmin
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6039
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4266 :
name : yhyaroiqcn
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8545
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4267 :
name : nezqxzzgli
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 168
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4268 :
name : egifibvqux
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3586
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4269 :
name : jnckdblchz
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1526
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4270 :
name : ncqvhazcqt
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2812
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4271 :
name : fgkkspnesv
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4184
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4272 :
name : hfezdlzcps
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4469
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4273 :
name : pmucyntlrn
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7933
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4274 :
name : wpscrvnqze
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9509
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4275 :
name : iwodymsryl
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1344
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4276 :
name : txenzvkonj
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 838
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4277 :
name : iwawbajtuj
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 6162
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4278 :
name : ejzkwyfjms
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4637
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4279 :
name : zksziwarru
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4190
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4280 :
name : xyuwitwnck
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1669
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4281 :
name : mdkgcteemw
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 303
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4282 :
name : huhcsrxogb
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8486
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4283 :
name : yewknbfrfs
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1552
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4284 :
name : stcbxwsuny
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2712
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4285 :
name : hukffzgmro
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7777
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4286 :
name : dfnhgkeygr
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 695
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4287 :
name : mvszczyjlr
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7169
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4288 :
name : sanhktrouz
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7539
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4289 :
name : zaftzisztg
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5215
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4290 :
name : flrssbolri
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5249
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4291 :
name : lnoshpazqt
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 706
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4292 :
name : cnlwfdzvqt
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5720
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4293 :
name : hvexnlmokf
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8331
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4294 :
name : nbqazygztw
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2192
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4295 :
name : pvctsrehhr
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9958
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4296 :
name : oprhqrfwsy
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1604
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4297 :
name : eluigpanwh
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7995
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4298 :
name : qjciqsbvqt
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9294
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4299 :
name : gyrdgzuims
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2625
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4300 :
name : ojzqrpkuna
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1214
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4301 :
name : reakjjjdry
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4617
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4302 :
name : iolhgeyral
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5349
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4303 :
name : xxrxhbgtga
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6264
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4304 :
name : nxtagaefte
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 798
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4305 :
name : imqaladstj
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1774
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4306 :
name : ttbmthmaof
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6113
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4307 :
name : lkkdkvdppy
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5465
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4308 :
name : qjirwdykdp
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6007
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4309 :
name : uxwechzgyp
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1733
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4310 :
name : pjzxavbaie
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3695
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4311 :
name : ahlzlnglte
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 343
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4312 :
name : wqavpctscb
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9746
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4313 :
name : nspyrcnzph
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9368
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4314 :
name : ahmcddewwi
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5233
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4315 :
name : krebpxdewt
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3173
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4316 :
name : guvuwyycww
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 322
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4317 :
name : fzqmahjglg
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1775
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4318 :
name : vwqssosqto
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9576
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4319 :
name : mnvezxlidz
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4141
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4320 :
name : twulomchfv
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 488
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4321 :
name : wzmrelrpvw
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9244
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4322 :
name : bkivvxhzgm
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2401
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4323 :
name : fwqtpwggnb
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4204
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4324 :
name : ajeigahnbp
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3976
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4325 :
name : nptfkjbqrp
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1350
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4326 :
name : nlpstvudlv
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5912
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4327 :
name : tfqmkaxmsp
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6170
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4328 :
name : slhjfdfzgs
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1166
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4329 :
name : ilzyajaxxu
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7080
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4330 :
name : cumjdrmktu
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5342
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4331 :
name : txysxydxxd
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3018
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4332 :
name : gdksopldce
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1607
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4333 :
name : httfnrfrqe
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9365
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4334 :
name : ihoszeklhm
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5531
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4335 :
name : oxdkeqbljr
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5024
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4336 :
name : osoclojxbq
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1964
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4337 :
name : juhoenefyo
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3134
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4338 :
name : aqspvffeci
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1089
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4339 :
name : njlwxpkbuk
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8081
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4340 :
name : cnpvcmajsf
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3015
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4341 :
name : jhzwfylrch
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3043
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4342 :
name : ajurgwfigx
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8153
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4343 :
name : etcgqiebzg
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1641
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4344 :
name : irxcjdzonh
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5111
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4345 :
name : akgeqwmvao
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1016
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4346 :
name : hotesejtvx
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6225
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4347 :
name : nlztpqsens
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5484
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4348 :
name : hvoabiflcc
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8094
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4349 :
name : czybuotmsg
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8036
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4350 :
name : bsyrvazclb
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7259
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4351 :
name : vtiuuckqpe
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3733
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4352 :
name : tabsrystaf
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1139
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4353 :
name : jysruptefk
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3497
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4354 :
name : rxfspzrjst
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8621
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4355 :
name : zbpsujhopo
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8814
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4356 :
name : wbaeusfndx
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7384
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4357 :
name : emovekgnav
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1971
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4358 :
name : btnczjweyz
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 570
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4359 :
name : ivfwqlixyj
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4877
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4360 :
name : xusmyrvuvt
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7729
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4361 :
name : vzkaxclgbl
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9859
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4362 :
name : nynglozgix
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9900
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4363 :
name : mbxybvdmde
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 883
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4364 :
name : tatjiexknh
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3219
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4365 :
name : ovylvziynn
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6392
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4366 :
name : abdukmahyn
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9739
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4367 :
name : dskbegcoer
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9166
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4368 :
name : iksmgcygly
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3580
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4369 :
name : sgwfjclorp
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 8422
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4370 :
name : qvqihwmhdx
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6673
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4371 :
name : chlbmxdxlw
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3146
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4372 :
name : ahdqpmndws
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5624
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4373 :
name : wdxigjfkis
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5215
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4374 :
name : sctxullhqj
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4548
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4375 :
name : frzczgngsv
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7596
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4376 :
name : fcibbdmpke
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7222
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4377 :
name : rsxtwyzlet
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7482
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4378 :
name : ahrikvlwky
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9805
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4379 :
name : quuqntooev
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4100
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4380 :
name : mcyenjzyhl
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1958
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4381 :
name : xbhurwnhmr
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3611
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4382 :
name : xocyspjtns
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8324
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4383 :
name : sdvbzozmwl
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1037
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4384 :
name : dmphmjwvdm
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5467
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4385 :
name : umxspwgoje
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 8322
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4386 :
name : fnrwwdgtal
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4485
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4387 :
name : qdzpxqlghw
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 696
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4388 :
name : txhmtdsbyu
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9597
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4389 :
name : xduysrofzv
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 69
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4390 :
name : yoafdwivxj
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4941
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4391 :
name : hbcbzwupbu
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3257
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4392 :
name : jprkwuigrf
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 3064
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4393 :
name : qnqsqrokgs
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4142
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4394 :
name : eybwkxssgm
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5734
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4395 :
name : khsackrsxz
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5468
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4396 :
name : dsqhoagjum
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6687
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4397 :
name : pcskewwvot
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3580
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4398 :
name : rvjjcylijf
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6463
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4399 :
name : jyybkcxhzn
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9863
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4400 :
name : fsgpdkpouy
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3403
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4401 :
name : addagnefwd
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5197
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4402 :
name : lqtthydyny
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6242
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4403 :
name : uelxermiyj
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8749
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4404 :
name : ibsdvccaar
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1956
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4405 :
name : kqivpmpbxn
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9335
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4406 :
name : khcdkxhmzh
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7663
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4407 :
name : mtmuqbgfed
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4701
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4408 :
name : qmwsrhravr
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5440
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4409 :
name : rehdyxggfm
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9304
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4410 :
name : vurtnkceky
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5874
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4411 :
name : pjqwoqvwwa
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5199
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4412 :
name : glhxfwkjaw
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3499
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4413 :
name : ebguzumvtj
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2054
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4414 :
name : igirfpnpyp
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3082
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4415 :
name : kjyqfxmsuh
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7098
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4416 :
name : ggyqxffkxd
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 6562
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4417 :
name : idygvgfiyc
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8159
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4418 :
name : olgobftgqq
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3940
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4419 :
name : thptpkzuux
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3437
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4420 :
name : cickyfpunh
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6908
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4421 :
name : ljgacvkcsf
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7356
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4422 :
name : kgtosuthog
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6841
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4423 :
name : gdzofcmsge
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5043
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4424 :
name : fevbsnvlxl
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6724
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4425 :
name : cjodathmnp
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3070
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4426 :
name : mukivcxspu
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9863
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4427 :
name : tsxhyxchlq
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1689
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4428 :
name : likxsfaszr
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7265
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4429 :
name : sunpdnphua
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7955
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4430 :
name : upaemslokk
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1053
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4431 :
name : ieuxvzkkgh
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9201
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4432 :
name : qlzqrnkccv
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2765
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4433 :
name : ymcskxtukz
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4746
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4434 :
name : psdqiueuyg
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6425
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4435 :
name : qlcsfmpahb
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 709
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4436 :
name : ozgtpqntll
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5742
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4437 :
name : rjfublgtnp
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9091
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4438 :
name : qlwxflpufa
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5280
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4439 :
name : xzhevlrdef
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8281
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4440 :
name : rnhnmmzege
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7331
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4441 :
name : kkxupufixl
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5286
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4442 :
name : hzfontcoxk
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8696
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4443 :
name : zrewlvqqdp
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 709
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4444 :
name : xvaejnyndx
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4728
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4445 :
name : xwtbugwmwb
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6657
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4446 :
name : tljupujpin
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6021
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4447 :
name : ordjszpqnn
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7115
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4448 :
name : cgnnccjnur
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4132
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4449 :
name : gdvjnnkcgx
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5595
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4450 :
name : qisdxwhhkb
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5051
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4451 :
name : qihlsuacyg
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 551
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4452 :
name : tghllhksou
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6019
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4453 :
name : myzvltpmxp
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5881
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4454 :
name : hwxqjixtdn
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5691
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4455 :
name : wmixhtqyho
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9866
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4456 :
name : hgbgxkrwgu
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8294
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4457 :
name : emjmksgcqn
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8978
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4458 :
name : yrozxnmols
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7262
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4459 :
name : lkcuwonesf
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 268
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4460 :
name : xkonllczcn
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2318
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4461 :
name : cwcgsawhfp
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8257
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4462 :
name : zdynqmyuna
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5520
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4463 :
name : hzqliiless
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2468
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4464 :
name : iwpgjhukck
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1688
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4465 :
name : nkifvspjxh
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3525
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4466 :
name : afornayima
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8355
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4467 :
name : xaoihkawvx
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2317
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4468 :
name : iuawnoymyk
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9412
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4469 :
name : pahdiopjmk
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 910
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4470 :
name : eghffvvdjt
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1550
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4471 :
name : uqbdtjtjsf
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2301
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4472 :
name : ljisqnplsy
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1029
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4473 :
name : ypzbutlnef
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 3707
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4474 :
name : gdroyjdpwv
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 609
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4475 :
name : nmqpokkbxo
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3742
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4476 :
name : xvpqlpzofv
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1060
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4477 :
name : yfxqwnagoz
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5562
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4478 :
name : dlhudukdip
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 923
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4479 :
name : vausrqitwy
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7214
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4480 :
name : jrsslwmxzu
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7251
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4481 :
name : ftczovpwol
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1568
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4482 :
name : kdmdwybiva
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4428
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4483 :
name : dcehducssq
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4885
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4484 :
name : twmibigcqd
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5694
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4485 :
name : alygsbauts
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3613
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4486 :
name : pgjbokjwpb
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 6234
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4487 :
name : trmsxevzar
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2486
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4488 :
name : eqdprtbcpq
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7315
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4489 :
name : nadcuciqdj
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3121
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4490 :
name : vembtfuvim
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3862
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4491 :
name : rpvwrqabid
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 606
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4492 :
name : wewifrqboy
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5593
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4493 :
name : lnsgjlylng
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 948
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4494 :
name : pmmnwtemuv
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1920
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4495 :
name : cnsvwdiupv
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6750
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4496 :
name : drjrefmlsg
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7345
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4497 :
name : xhwpessnpj
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9268
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4498 :
name : mkovducphu
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5640
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4499 :
name : mleicidvxu
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2201
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4500 :
name : khcaefxhve
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2821
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4501 :
name : osvsbzdguc
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8597
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4502 :
name : caigbmlyti
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2408
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4503 :
name : npwkjzjmfg
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9368
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4504 :
name : jhvrnwebwx
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 813
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4505 :
name : acsymcxxqe
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1786
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4506 :
name : gysbriavjy
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6912
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4507 :
name : htlzrxbqxs
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2466
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4508 :
name : mntfrkntiw
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3177
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4509 :
name : aeqldjlhai
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9335
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4510 :
name : hntaumnjfv
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2261
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4511 :
name : uzcklhuyow
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6193
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4512 :
name : ychucdgpmo
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6864
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4513 :
name : pfutpfalfr
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5747
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4514 :
name : aajjwomffy
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2624
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4515 :
name : objiubpwmu
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3972
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4516 :
name : oyyakvqwav
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4786
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4517 :
name : ugifocgdat
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5656
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4518 :
name : lvmlxwgntg
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4724
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4519 :
name : iwrsbhwilx
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 280
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4520 :
name : zhqlsnkzaf
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1098
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4521 :
name : htiamkiiuv
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1536
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4522 :
name : ataqhsdrtf
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 121
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4523 :
name : ceflfrxncr
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9459
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4524 :
name : jqxjiedoxx
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6239
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4525 :
name : koxpbchapj
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 963
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4526 :
name : wqgubragfy
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7034
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4527 :
name : onalddnkde
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9656
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4528 :
name : tmvcgyvgea
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8727
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4529 :
name : mqzmberqqw
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2315
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4530 :
name : vuosywqtdv
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5164
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4531 :
name : siftvixoyn
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3273
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4532 :
name : dbsrvsommt
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1777
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4533 :
name : uiozcjizzi
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8030
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4534 :
name : cstukopacd
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9699
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4535 :
name : qvmevqpfrq
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9928
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4536 :
name : vzqovaekcj
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1425
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4537 :
name : assowpgnwx
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 535
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4538 :
name : cbhsrfvypx
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 3036
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4539 :
name : uhxmvvebia
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9567
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4540 :
name : zjzibtnwrf
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2605
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4541 :
name : rnpobklfov
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4529
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4542 :
name : evfgeizthq
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9715
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4543 :
name : zbjorkbcqp
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1209
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4544 :
name : eouluattvc
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4406
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4545 :
name : bdgmtxxuap
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3078
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4546 :
name : nxwjiqlemh
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7290
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4547 :
name : hrgnezndup
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6919
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4548 :
name : yywwkhovna
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2291
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4549 :
name : bpbjehkrkg
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8727
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4550 :
name : nzllvvujth
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4026
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4551 :
name : onupyyyksi
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2351
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4552 :
name : zualhxiehb
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1122
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4553 :
name : efwywuyvgq
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1162
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4554 :
name : wraxekwnof
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7647
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4555 :
name : hvzdvxzuug
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6310
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4556 :
name : kejmdowzdm
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2459
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4557 :
name : ipgjuciuyd
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 976
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4558 :
name : xryigdyceb
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5898
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4559 :
name : gnioycsgyq
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7674
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4560 :
name : xnbxwhcumg
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7061
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4561 :
name : jdztrxxkdw
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2235
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4562 :
name : gevkdttfnf
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5555
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4563 :
name : upltifsfrw
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2162
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4564 :
name : uifpslimqy
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4628
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4565 :
name : waxjwhoonf
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5832
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4566 :
name : cwdhnxswll
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7204
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4567 :
name : yhpvrlfhcs
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8867
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4568 :
name : fsokbbjwzv
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4873
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4569 :
name : rwqgujuzrw
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3331
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4570 :
name : cksswtugpt
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6594
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4571 :
name : awtsepcaov
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5942
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4572 :
name : dnxvguqccg
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4277
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4573 :
name : dqizjmonnd
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9517
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4574 :
name : zsmzpsvfux
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7705
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4575 :
name : mzyuajirwx
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2968
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4576 :
name : hipthenemj
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8400
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4577 :
name : lpxllzvtqt
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5967
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4578 :
name : xndpjmvysh
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7470
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4579 :
name : gyndjyfgtv
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6033
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4580 :
name : dbiiqrwmpo
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1816
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4581 :
name : hlkuqwsvcn
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3137
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4582 :
name : ugicqyvmkl
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1129
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4583 :
name : zuxjoohijk
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4553
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4584 :
name : vulfybdupq
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3731
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4585 :
name : kuaieownyh
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9693
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4586 :
name : plndqmetiu
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4882
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4587 :
name : wufwclnayl
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1068
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4588 :
name : blzoopcukk
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5486
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4589 :
name : mcdtyfenhe
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7545
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4590 :
name : qlxpangekr
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1188
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4591 :
name : weiaxjhdyp
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6289
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4592 :
name : sfvswvhdcr
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7247
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4593 :
name : aholjnurtu
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 253
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4594 :
name : gkwbcvzmab
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4751
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4595 :
name : dwsrhchdva
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5254
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4596 :
name : wbfvdkqcws
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5525
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4597 :
name : xavpuetdho
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1380
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4598 :
name : ogfudigvmc
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5770
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4599 :
name : carxslbnqk
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8316
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4600 :
name : xknegtnmob
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2408
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4601 :
name : jygavanxnd
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 3461
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4602 :
name : fbxvgfovrc
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5543
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4603 :
name : mbcsbaurzh
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8118
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4604 :
name : maqlxyslvl
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5427
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4605 :
name : aiofcsfyjg
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7327
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4606 :
name : dvbwiyuamq
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3667
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4607 :
name : zjnoorivqt
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7575
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4608 :
name : zxcavmaqmo
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8449
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4609 :
name : xttkjidtft
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 218
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4610 :
name : ykccmyooqc
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8640
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4611 :
name : nwnhizrmsw
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 3000
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4612 :
name : mzcrcqrqeh
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2924
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4613 :
name : bohqvqrmek
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5602
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4614 :
name : jimnzqfqij
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9874
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4615 :
name : gjsnanfrbl
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9788
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4616 :
name : lhsxwrnbkw
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3694
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4617 :
name : fqbxdbmlvp
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5688
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4618 :
name : oheigdcuem
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 314
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4619 :
name : nbrpaxspin
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7729
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4620 :
name : pcjvkpymld
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6513
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4621 :
name : ajcrycorry
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7524
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4622 :
name : fnnojadhor
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8873
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4623 :
name : vlwxcvctot
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2698
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4624 :
name : hbiwrtwxdn
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8617
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4625 :
name : rglnfqkhla
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8524
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4626 :
name : sfeccwwavz
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8741
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4627 :
name : tkdgalwksh
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7539
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4628 :
name : nebrgfpegm
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4298
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4629 :
name : vpbyvbjume
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7742
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4630 :
name : xepbyvgpam
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8849
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4631 :
name : zusavocgiq
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9660
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4632 :
name : elhtohqvxs
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4539
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4633 :
name : buxwxskbyu
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3844
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4634 :
name : kqkujbbzyy
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 776
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4635 :
name : cxzztwtfzt
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1003
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4636 :
name : druqnftphr
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8411
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4637 :
name : dtsfuodptd
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7436
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4638 :
name : cuvymjefal
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4505
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4639 :
name : jabdhvtlkn
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7595
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4640 :
name : opelorwuww
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8161
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4641 :
name : weuyjcvdni
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1224
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4642 :
name : psgvfuocon
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4503
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4643 :
name : anwulhwikl
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8949
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4644 :
name : doclkifymv
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8973
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4645 :
name : kvqgsdnqla
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7169
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4646 :
name : rxsvicdncp
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8067
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4647 :
name : hmlxudaivl
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9312
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4648 :
name : xjppfytinx
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2302
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4649 :
name : dlpoiltkto
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3151
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4650 :
name : imfxdmvwvl
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 6346
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4651 :
name : loqccyoxkj
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3978
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4652 :
name : nlkujnhgle
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3748
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4653 :
name : eoguskuije
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2634
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4654 :
name : kwlwsukzdx
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1831
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4655 :
name : ymngihseqb
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8961
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4656 :
name : aiplehiqjl
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2974
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4657 :
name : gvhtbqbwwt
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4878
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4658 :
name : wxpllvuvod
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4731
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4659 :
name : pyxwtbowxl
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 387
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4660 :
name : borqbenwzb
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3848
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4661 :
name : ikxhjqiznf
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4775
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4662 :
name : uhlnznunlt
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4314
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4663 :
name : cgwbnhrwhg
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 6406
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4664 :
name : izltplgjyt
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7233
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4665 :
name : ulssmiaggj
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1293
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4666 :
name : ifoubffjqf
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7640
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4667 :
name : gfqazckziq
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7793
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4668 :
name : pxcdtflyob
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5031
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4669 :
name : djltjlxumg
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7964
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4670 :
name : bbldhfksfz
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6349
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4671 :
name : xxxkqgvnci
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 8810
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4672 :
name : tcfghonsit
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6981
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4673 :
name : uiwrtmzqcc
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2182
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4674 :
name : wagbjppwhx
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2914
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4675 :
name : crwzkrnkkr
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3514
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4676 :
name : vdsbfbqwaa
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1767
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4677 :
name : qdgpcriqbs
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8556
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4678 :
name : xxbpygtrft
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4629
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4679 :
name : zmfgdkzlaa
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5506
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4680 :
name : pijqzkzudg
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6560
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4681 :
name : nzfshkegwe
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1305
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4682 :
name : esxnlwzkrc
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6215
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4683 :
name : sokxitinag
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1631
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4684 :
name : bpgafryedp
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 6191
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4685 :
name : ibosbxmlko
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9105
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4686 :
name : oggxgnqesu
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2268
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4687 :
name : qeoexpdlap
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1684
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4688 :
name : oqgupoifsc
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2636
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4689 :
name : tlthrqyvda
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7766
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4690 :
name : vxvbskpcsk
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1845
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4691 :
name : pgxiopaokd
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 180
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4692 :
name : midkjxwbbo
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2393
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4693 :
name : ucbsmrhmht
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8054
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4694 :
name : zntfxcevdi
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3800
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4695 :
name : mogpgvipjp
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1559
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4696 :
name : zdqskpwpla
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6695
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4697 :
name : ucddrmybbh
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4889
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4698 :
name : mgteyeuuvf
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9497
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4699 :
name : rjlwoeiogm
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5217
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4700 :
name : mwmfbmjvie
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2095
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4701 :
name : jxfutwyekg
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1878
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4702 :
name : jcpvjsjtns
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8900
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4703 :
name : vlsafoyfsj
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1920
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4704 :
name : mdccalwkgk
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 904
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4705 :
name : xyvrycfzjz
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7584
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4706 :
name : loupsuboej
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2100
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4707 :
name : ddjaukccjm
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4332
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4708 :
name : aakuqeptvv
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5131
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4709 :
name : pdgzedjifu
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4112
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4710 :
name : hiyufqywjv
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9194
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4711 :
name : wprdoxgzfn
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7974
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4712 :
name : vpwvjblkzw
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7696
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4713 :
name : bxfucvrkuy
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2721
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4714 :
name : qpnnmyqxiq
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1186
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4715 :
name : bkphercxbz
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7081
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4716 :
name : osmdhbbaym
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 761
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4717 :
name : wcpmltfqsj
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7326
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4718 :
name : ixovcxygxw
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4039
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4719 :
name : xuvoiijqab
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4718
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4720 :
name : otacqdaojz
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4112
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4721 :
name : hgxevingyn
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5540
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4722 :
name : ktekwwpyma
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2788
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4723 :
name : gwqganonuo
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3728
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4724 :
name : yucfgadwyq
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 182
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4725 :
name : bkirqjfgyb
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2592
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4726 :
name : qkjursvuov
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7206
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4727 :
name : igbqarbhaa
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3902
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4728 :
name : thseblwyfm
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6164
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4729 :
name : rzisskmtrm
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 671
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4730 :
name : subkycvxdd
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6724
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4731 :
name : ygsiymsmfl
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9063
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4732 :
name : gdwjqumlrr
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5371
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4733 :
name : kqxeyyqtmw
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 8430
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4734 :
name : bffxpvrdjl
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4233
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4735 :
name : jwhhbhhtct
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8851
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4736 :
name : kpnqmcngfy
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2841
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4737 :
name : rsmybpfiik
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5326
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4738 :
name : dbgqtutgcy
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1307
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4739 :
name : nwxzuyqbjz
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9602
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4740 :
name : pjexaxsvgu
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5109
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4741 :
name : ulotmksdnb
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5191
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4742 :
name : tstaqvxkqd
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8345
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4743 :
name : itwymikeny
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8452
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4744 :
name : itpbvhysro
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7839
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4745 :
name : nbrjbdrmkf
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3959
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4746 :
name : tvoizjpxdi
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4956
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4747 :
name : fdvwmwcdkm
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5606
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4748 :
name : acfokezbbd
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 883
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4749 :
name : caixywwaci
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2522
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4750 :
name : owztllzkob
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1277
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4751 :
name : wywgyudwxf
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5554
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4752 :
name : raeqvrcvbs
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5023
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4753 :
name : okpmtpiylf
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2592
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4754 :
name : apdeibvmwz
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2257
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4755 :
name : jotaaoqlmd
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6534
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4756 :
name : bmjgsrhofd
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3700
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4757 :
name : gsybsbrimd
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5419
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4758 :
name : nmewtwpcmu
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8771
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4759 :
name : qneoqxphhd
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5361
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4760 :
name : aavgyocorr
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4001
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4761 :
name : fgwjvoimys
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8726
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4762 :
name : wczskxionb
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3325
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4763 :
name : lhvhqsxbgv
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8617
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4764 :
name : jheizohjfv
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4816
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4765 :
name : jarghkahnh
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6784
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4766 :
name : kxxohyfpik
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 409
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4767 :
name : jqlczuozbb
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2466
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4768 :
name : ccwbqdaxsk
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 928
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4769 :
name : rreetdziec
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 683
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4770 :
name : hzjdaziczd
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 884
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4771 :
name : vphbtdeulk
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5996
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4772 :
name : eqsnvvpexq
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1803
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4773 :
name : tnycqufwos
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2106
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4774 :
name : mnlfcjctnz
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5378
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4775 :
name : xfexjutpti
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7848
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4776 :
name : snvguypyte
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8333
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4777 :
name : qkywjhrdym
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8787
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4778 :
name : udzqlvqatj
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5143
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4779 :
name : hyqhvzpoep
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1458
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4780 :
name : kihjauhqua
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7966
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4781 :
name : zcirjdtytx
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6950
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4782 :
name : txsajsuqlq
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4339
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4783 :
name : cpjkhvoatj
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 366
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4784 :
name : ohygjhbfzm
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3396
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4785 :
name : krxucgpsgk
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3063
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4786 :
name : vxctdldere
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1347
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4787 :
name : iexgabmrvv
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3688
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4788 :
name : vwezsklvqe
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 455
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4789 :
name : ckicqkdfbb
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6411
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4790 :
name : hydoyvylso
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7456
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4791 :
name : eqiosazxfc
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4678
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4792 :
name : oiltyloywg
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8500
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4793 :
name : zsshgmhhkp
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1851
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4794 :
name : jjtucrfqpd
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1615
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4795 :
name : wblpiubrbn
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8089
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4796 :
name : fosakvrrng
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4092
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4797 :
name : dkpqbzkfqo
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2774
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4798 :
name : kvufveaovp
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4766
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4799 :
name : rlpgdrfowy
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5836
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4800 :
name : duexzadbqy
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8098
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4801 :
name : wlilslezbc
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5498
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4802 :
name : cdhgcgifhz
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 103
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4803 :
name : jsfrgzckag
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8360
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4804 :
name : ymehsgnbmw
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5045
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4805 :
name : rxiwoovsbw
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2947
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4806 :
name : ymmeueljfz
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4471
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4807 :
name : kvsvuijrdm
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4479
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4808 :
name : eocqswxdfe
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2417
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4809 :
name : jjreelmqer
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6912
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4810 :
name : klxocskbxs
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9368
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4811 :
name : zbkqfrdthh
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9158
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4812 :
name : nsemhgethc
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 707
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4813 :
name : hujtmqkplt
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7198
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4814 :
name : xpbbbkjidq
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1876
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4815 :
name : pxeysqqdhb
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5509
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4816 :
name : ibajcetmmx
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9675
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4817 :
name : aangafyqkh
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7505
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4818 :
name : yepaosgjgu
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5109
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4819 :
name : iyavgbbgtn
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8707
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4820 :
name : lcqcegwlpc
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7232
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4821 :
name : pizpefshmo
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 810
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4822 :
name : pghhimpfxe
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6339
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4823 :
name : fnnefrjzax
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3684
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4824 :
name : eivmreygjx
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7644
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4825 :
name : iygvclonno
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8321
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4826 :
name : aqdvcuzcak
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8460
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4827 :
name : wlgcgiquvd
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2580
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4828 :
name : zuleqnzrqb
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4591
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4829 :
name : ydfefloxhk
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3291
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4830 :
name : phganwpmqh
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2524
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4831 :
name : vfeblloajw
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2588
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4832 :
name : bvcivqgnew
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8861
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4833 :
name : rrixutjits
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2486
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4834 :
name : zzjbjftsuy
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 777
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4835 :
name : vahdybzjlu
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8599
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4836 :
name : ohtxldeeva
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4976
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4837 :
name : fuxmaxpzga
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 237
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4838 :
name : olbklonruk
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 714
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4839 :
name : uswrgwqvxw
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 334
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4840 :
name : ymebwrplkk
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2558
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4841 :
name : lplhirgaof
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8045
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4842 :
name : rdyxfxqwic
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4154
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4843 :
name : agsoqchwcy
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1343
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4844 :
name : axiaupxmmg
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1185
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4845 :
name : payjoonvmr
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6528
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4846 :
name : whtgipwhbk
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9653
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4847 :
name : yupxdfnsac
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8093
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4848 :
name : qanjhxyfeb
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 787
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4849 :
name : jwsavxfksi
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4193
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4850 :
name : jagyjpxjue
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2207
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4851 :
name : xqhrteryqj
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2173
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4852 :
name : saqzazoyll
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 105
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4853 :
name : hbzovssmsj
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 21
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4854 :
name : fcrvdsxtsi
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7258
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4855 :
name : qkbrzyjtkb
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4275
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4856 :
name : yavpvajstb
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 68
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4857 :
name : zgnbxozgim
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4196
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4858 :
name : qolnfinrdj
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8402
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4859 :
name : mtbbuaqwga
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1389
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4860 :
name : zwymjfxzwc
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7014
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4861 :
name : hfekgblyxt
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4566
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4862 :
name : xomxbydaxz
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1535
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4863 :
name : dwfijnjwmi
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3096
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4864 :
name : heqwetuhtt
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 8407
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4865 :
name : cejjoswzqk
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2142
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4866 :
name : ykvogzhaga
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 958
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4867 :
name : kbyvkmngof
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4413
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4868 :
name : doiydoxmqf
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 6424
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4869 :
name : pannvxbkfp
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9274
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4870 :
name : lfdvfilcwd
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 3265
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4871 :
name : ctcriyokit
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1395
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4872 :
name : ibjlwovjss
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1614
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4873 :
name : hidmzlmnxw
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4415
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4874 :
name : alrjzpzuzt
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5083
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4875 :
name : efahtasfps
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1962
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4876 :
name : gzpzkopmko
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 8176
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4877 :
name : vggwpawjfn
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7199
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4878 :
name : rdhictyrfl
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9151
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4879 :
name : ngxteotcxz
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1189
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4880 :
name : sxabgdvewc
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2418
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4881 :
name : gqbfmgtfit
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5183
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4882 :
name : rjcslixiov
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2452
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4883 :
name : uicwqoejvm
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9202
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4884 :
name : rqgtktdhbs
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1263
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4885 :
name : hcyjaozeav
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3878
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4886 :
name : wvvcphwsoz
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6454
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4887 :
name : dsdedfsdku
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6486
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4888 :
name : exebbvixqw
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4391
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4889 :
name : rshwwkbopn
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5707
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4890 :
name : zqnerrbzqr
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5937
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4891 :
name : jiwqesciis
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4398
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4892 :
name : apvpvogxnx
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3899
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4893 :
name : stmojtgmdp
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2223
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4894 :
name : qpgnhdcnar
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1895
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4895 :
name : itvuigpous
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4108
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4896 :
name : jihrvovxev
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 787
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4897 :
name : qfnnbvvrlq
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3445
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4898 :
name : iotsfogaok
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 184
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4899 :
name : wehjrignzu
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9326
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4900 :
name : yidtajjilx
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2263
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4901 :
name : gucngwyolz
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5949
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4902 :
name : axzdqzmcka
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3040
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4903 :
name : jmzoahmywx
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9198
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4904 :
name : gkdgnwhcyr
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9279
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4905 :
name : bzqbpskbsi
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8468
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4906 :
name : vvnabdwjhu
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5067
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4907 :
name : zabrdqlqtd
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 400
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4908 :
name : amgqnjtluc
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1964
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4909 :
name : nbyrvehgud
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3331
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4910 :
name : hlypblawxv
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7697
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4911 :
name : sdksufwdos
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3238
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4912 :
name : zoyxdcldyi
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1076
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4913 :
name : wmtihnqdte
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2529
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4914 :
name : tmurjxtudu
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 706
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4915 :
name : lrofavusbn
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8166
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4916 :
name : xzyssjroew
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3795
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4917 :
name : cqvqvxmspp
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1105
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4918 :
name : awuaopjhdp
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2959
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4919 :
name : ekibcgzoyq
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6779
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4920 :
name : bvyyvophxs
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 962
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4921 :
name : xcxheanfql
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7394
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4922 :
name : xhlvhilwpk
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 285
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4923 :
name : bsnzbrzpwp
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7392
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4924 :
name : bseopnwcjo
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1887
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4925 :
name : meozdpqcgo
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4689
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4926 :
name : hibnysaxvj
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4191
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4927 :
name : ezrszxjrbs
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9112
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4928 :
name : jznmmmfmjc
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2441
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4929 :
name : bliufjtqbv
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1237
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4930 :
name : xxclloxsci
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1347
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4931 :
name : nnvvkchdsk
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9640
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4932 :
name : yspadbqcts
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6788
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4933 :
name : dfqybackfu
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1702
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4934 :
name : qpvfpbihde
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7679
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4935 :
name : yzoqzrsbby
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 3641
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4936 :
name : lpbgwshfzn
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4666
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4937 :
name : pfzdwywozz
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6489
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4938 :
name : ihmjqjdzqe
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6323
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4939 :
name : ejpdondncc
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3908
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4940 :
name : yryndqwgso
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8840
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4941 :
name : zynqdbehoi
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 661
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4942 :
name : rpdsciiarc
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8238
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4943 :
name : ngxawbdciu
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3720
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4944 :
name : jezowdzhdq
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 527
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4945 :
name : thirhgunjc
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 620
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4946 :
name : hplidjleqq
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1988
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4947 :
name : nogvhpebcp
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 957
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4948 :
name : tmeewkpiog
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1727
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4949 :
name : gzrmvycbze
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1603
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4950 :
name : fvxkbturdi
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4182
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4951 :
name : zppqcmrgps
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7508
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4952 :
name : kifhsjaoag
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9579
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4953 :
name : atxrlbgchv
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2198
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4954 :
name : nggspabrod
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 373
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4955 :
name : mjembpnhux
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6620
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4956 :
name : puxypmysfp
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4787
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4957 :
name : npwrbziqic
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8608
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4958 :
name : myqjwfxuaf
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7339
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4959 :
name : wcpuvstejd
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2587
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4960 :
name : msdcebkdvm
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7035
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4961 :
name : krbalwuhcd
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1867
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4962 :
name : jqlovrphvm
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5134
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4963 :
name : snrtperklu
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5688
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4964 :
name : aetnsofjvc
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4328
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4965 :
name : hjgaeyfwkq
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3037
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4966 :
name : tbbmouavdx
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7108
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4967 :
name : gocorhmwfw
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4127
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4968 :
name : vybwmrsony
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6504
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4969 :
name : siixwzelxl
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9341
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4970 :
name : kgsnfggxuv
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 8169
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4971 :
name : btrjqqkwbh
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3606
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4972 :
name : pfeksjqbjn
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5821
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4973 :
name : eibvrtleqo
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9508
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4974 :
name : bayhmttewc
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7321
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4975 :
name : wsjzncsbgi
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 703
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4976 :
name : dvgdduwwzu
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 860
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4977 :
name : qkwzjmdcnk
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4217
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4978 :
name : mbuvfzpdvq
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 152
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4979 :
name : nfwmggajkp
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9588
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4980 :
name : uqypnfoclm
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4640
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4981 :
name : vrfsflyhwk
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6159
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4982 :
name : hmnidapuda
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3276
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4983 :
name : nlvudbhdke
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 923
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4984 :
name : thnhrrhglm
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4833
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4985 :
name : okvkeanmfx
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3411
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4986 :
name : hjfvswoccb
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3801
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4987 :
name : erqcdweqkk
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4739
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4988 :
name : cgehdwfrai
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8558
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4989 :
name : zunrwrqbja
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3730
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4990 :
name : xagbjjapca
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8802
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4991 :
name : nsedldubgf
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 54
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4992 :
name : hespicakrc
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5151
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4993 :
name : kvcqyoturb
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7283
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4994 :
name : pqlhhtjhfc
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9017
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4995 :
name : dtvfjvvfqp
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7547
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4996 :
name : rurcbyxnfc
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8722
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 4997 :
name : vpsswdnsif
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2076
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4998 :
name : ymqpqtppiw
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5107
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 4999 :
name : nmdfgzjttr
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9783
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5000 :
name : gvmymfueuc
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2371
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5001 :
name : scrvkxvvsq
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6330
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5002 :
name : tfnfebkyff
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6420
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5003 :
name : azdrxnquii
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 669
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5004 :
name : wyblehmqfu
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8247
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5005 :
name : dusglrwdle
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3154
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5006 :
name : zoadzgklys
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4115
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5007 :
name : vqnpxajveu
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 357
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5008 :
name : weyyjxewke
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8065
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5009 :
name : xrykixkrsq
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8477
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5010 :
name : uefscorime
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8359
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5011 :
name : fopdayanru
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1755
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5012 :
name : miurdziwhu
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6830
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5013 :
name : xigpnhnqug
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3041
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5014 :
name : clyyebxmzf
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9100
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5015 :
name : vhocwejluf
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7739
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5016 :
name : sksqiwtglu
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3743
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5017 :
name : donrqkxbxr
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6517
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5018 :
name : dejvwutrae
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1757
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5019 :
name : envshneeod
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2214
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5020 :
name : wblgwkarbc
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2562
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5021 :
name : adlwxujdza
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5099
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5022 :
name : baupiszkla
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5705
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5023 :
name : oflbdiwnnx
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9081
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5024 :
name : pnzlchfdrq
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 623
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5025 :
name : ijpvntfjis
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3110
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5026 :
name : mvvlizupen
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8023
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5027 :
name : errwoertpb
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1813
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5028 :
name : ilygzihtxm
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4767
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5029 :
name : dkhugwyxpn
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5289
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5030 :
name : pinpomxyiw
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7198
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5031 :
name : rlgygmwelo
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 512
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5032 :
name : tywgpmvnkd
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6405
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5033 :
name : sfqzgynceb
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9521
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5034 :
name : cchajymgnz
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 48
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5035 :
name : aztsazqqdu
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4966
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5036 :
name : clilltjazz
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4439
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5037 :
name : jusemvdenh
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1162
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5038 :
name : iydqjqjuqk
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9369
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5039 :
name : ndgihvfnzs
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6083
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5040 :
name : rhswadnlyd
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2880
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5041 :
name : hispqbkxom
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4631
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5042 :
name : jmrbjrfyef
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9225
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5043 :
name : nfdhvvjhsz
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9633
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5044 :
name : trqmuzfzxk
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3749
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5045 :
name : huhkccfljz
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5735
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5046 :
name : osifgceoee
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7540
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5047 :
name : iumpgotobd
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5415
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5048 :
name : boeltmpaav
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9763
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5049 :
name : xvjllpzefc
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6773
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5050 :
name : eyjklfydfz
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5892
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5051 :
name : oetzperrlw
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5616
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5052 :
name : ovsyhefghk
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8294
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5053 :
name : txumwltncg
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7765
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5054 :
name : uulpustzac
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8706
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5055 :
name : zzntnlfgbj
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3302
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5056 :
name : blooakivlj
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4539
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5057 :
name : ikbxepjlxm
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8166
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5058 :
name : vhqmvtwfoi
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6619
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5059 :
name : hplknrbycz
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 200
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5060 :
name : qiogwlztqq
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 317
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5061 :
name : hsfufuogus
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8254
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5062 :
name : wkektavsvo
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 908
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5063 :
name : lzcswhpkqj
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3599
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5064 :
name : lsepfxscsn
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1959
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5065 :
name : ywucrqkgcc
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 70
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5066 :
name : tvvamcxefr
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9515
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5067 :
name : pgfliweucg
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 400
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5068 :
name : sraqrnsrtx
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2292
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5069 :
name : cvdjhmglik
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2879
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5070 :
name : kdwktqzmht
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3423
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5071 :
name : eirhsavale
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 3768
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5072 :
name : odvmnpcndl
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9370
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5073 :
name : bwdsgxvbzg
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 740
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5074 :
name : hiidvxuzmx
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6988
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5075 :
name : irjolrlgvn
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7888
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5076 :
name : eoforclncy
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 893
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5077 :
name : hgytwlmjuh
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4497
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5078 :
name : jbdopwrbjv
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2699
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5079 :
name : tfbtazemiy
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2014
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5080 :
name : zpeefvbyym
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5619
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5081 :
name : dcegvefasn
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7659
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5082 :
name : xnldrtysrz
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 337
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5083 :
name : xszdyuhdwc
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7269
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5084 :
name : nkyaprtnml
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7789
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5085 :
name : ymcxqauzfs
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 6748
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5086 :
name : ehwehnwbbi
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8154
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5087 :
name : lovnonpimw
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7396
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5088 :
name : iatgfaudbx
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 129
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5089 :
name : vzysmmfbwt
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6204
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5090 :
name : vcxolcpfhs
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5483
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5091 :
name : vphthvhowf
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6719
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5092 :
name : apuxffbwmi
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1751
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5093 :
name : kyctulobam
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5354
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5094 :
name : bpuxpaeswq
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 3501
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5095 :
name : usrynnkeqm
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6229
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5096 :
name : bdgwcxwgru
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1943
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5097 :
name : cewvdjipnb
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7691
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5098 :
name : ranzypywxp
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9023
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5099 :
name : mfjkbmtlbj
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3514
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5100 :
name : zggmhgdfda
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8560
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5101 :
name : esenchcyvd
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7617
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5102 :
name : nxgvlncosh
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2876
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5103 :
name : etqiissksp
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7705
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5104 :
name : xnwflhvpxn
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1639
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5105 :
name : afbqpkkjud
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4917
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5106 :
name : ewacdlmycl
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1670
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5107 :
name : juilkxxxhr
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5451
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5108 :
name : moeorizfgb
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8352
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5109 :
name : ehjmswmrvt
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2759
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5110 :
name : jbunpnxrue
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2955
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5111 :
name : rcpdpjzbau
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 168
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5112 :
name : ajyuxpjwgd
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9349
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5113 :
name : awbpzsaata
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8067
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5114 :
name : jqbjmabyxh
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7543
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5115 :
name : htbjkcbkdx
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7063
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5116 :
name : ikjmwvoxtn
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 868
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5117 :
name : twmwhwzlje
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5080
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5118 :
name : wljfxfdney
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7576
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5119 :
name : ojwagfyhqj
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1040
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5120 :
name : fpmqwlxzyb
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6487
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5121 :
name : jjbhljpkqf
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5363
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5122 :
name : jimxyjiwki
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7807
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5123 :
name : zxrcedltpd
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1373
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5124 :
name : guxsrxdbto
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 655
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5125 :
name : itdcxkhlfw
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4425
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5126 :
name : vfjsxcqddl
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9931
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5127 :
name : nebsibcpmi
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9955
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5128 :
name : grirjiwblz
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8257
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5129 :
name : xidablbdan
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6889
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5130 :
name : vkcebnoxpz
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1814
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5131 :
name : emginjvooy
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1288
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5132 :
name : yrocvrqlrf
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2120
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5133 :
name : gysoifxdvm
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2595
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5134 :
name : uplkuidkuw
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4257
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5135 :
name : ueyotgvslq
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1685
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5136 :
name : lqxycrhgbd
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9298
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5137 :
name : lnxldstymf
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3943
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5138 :
name : cugzsitbqu
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7088
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5139 :
name : ffzercwkcj
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4019
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5140 :
name : tpxbprmitc
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 3858
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5141 :
name : jbxkhqoecq
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8922
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5142 :
name : qoxnqoecyz
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5192
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5143 :
name : spdpakhoqk
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3757
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5144 :
name : pkroxjcdnc
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1382
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5145 :
name : jyrooryxhr
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7579
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5146 :
name : bduuttdwzs
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1584
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5147 :
name : nuieiyxhwg
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2444
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5148 :
name : jbaevtzapa
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1535
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5149 :
name : qvwbbgbapx
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5464
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5150 :
name : appavntupl
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8874
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5151 :
name : gunevqnwqc
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8335
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5152 :
name : ibtzdomyic
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 729
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5153 :
name : exdtdajqyz
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7038
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5154 :
name : btausfkhev
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 3077
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5155 :
name : jfboaeojxp
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4314
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5156 :
name : jnyljsruzv
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4785
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5157 :
name : obsrrsygdv
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7484
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5158 :
name : qrmqfviwpk
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6975
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5159 :
name : kuzelqxlya
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7989
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5160 :
name : pnxddcymaq
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7635
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5161 :
name : uitvngomso
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7889
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5162 :
name : qvlnarszfs
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4775
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5163 :
name : nkkghzoxli
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3032
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5164 :
name : lofydgpvhu
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5674
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5165 :
name : brzlzhkpgx
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2339
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5166 :
name : iwgoumwkjd
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1906
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5167 :
name : qhwquxzgnh
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6479
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5168 :
name : soubeqpacy
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7613
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5169 :
name : dyycqszryo
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8706
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5170 :
name : zvwvyaoncq
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7438
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5171 :
name : srqqvikvai
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9858
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5172 :
name : wmxukwxylz
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3966
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5173 :
name : ykfqbaznxz
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8429
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5174 :
name : ejideszdqn
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 371
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5175 :
name : yojfemffad
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2507
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5176 :
name : imvsqbnref
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8251
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5177 :
name : nrmzwsndyp
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1124
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5178 :
name : zedwzvxmpd
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9482
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5179 :
name : lxfxwdsmhs
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 6763
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5180 :
name : nsqrorolfd
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9364
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5181 :
name : lnetmdwgpd
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9352
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5182 :
name : fmbxfppucu
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4592
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5183 :
name : ckljdxmbgd
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2250
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5184 :
name : ffsgczytta
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6422
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5185 :
name : rodcxgblkh
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8421
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5186 :
name : rsulbylzsg
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7590
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5187 :
name : tphwrefvrp
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5329
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5188 :
name : vknrvopgpj
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6046
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5189 :
name : nhhueablvu
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7745
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5190 :
name : xbakswzjeo
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5454
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5191 :
name : bdpiyvibge
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7079
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5192 :
name : wwpxhjvitz
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5062
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5193 :
name : bjiqrioblu
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 140
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5194 :
name : rigjhpscxn
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 846
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5195 :
name : izpsqiagjn
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3386
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5196 :
name : fzooivdazd
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6476
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5197 :
name : hbdytvgvbr
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2737
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5198 :
name : rnkfbsdfue
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8410
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5199 :
name : nshqqbnyyo
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5778
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5200 :
name : ctcoaeidlf
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7342
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5201 :
name : viwdamgnke
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3936
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5202 :
name : czyfozlyew
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6024
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5203 :
name : vqsrvtfbgr
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1933
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5204 :
name : yygyfwxqvc
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1711
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5205 :
name : aaovtjoalw
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6765
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5206 :
name : nlqwkvsjnn
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2095
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5207 :
name : lgizbblrbw
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1528
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5208 :
name : jmtaifxcpn
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5471
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5209 :
name : xtrfvujgmm
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1208
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5210 :
name : pgokgwqezh
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3490
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5211 :
name : wgunorjzxx
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4118
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5212 :
name : cjfqwnpotq
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 566
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5213 :
name : kecetqydpv
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3318
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5214 :
name : xgjewfslvl
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1089
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5215 :
name : uuhwbcpzhg
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5784
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5216 :
name : jvusbqxteu
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5231
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5217 :
name : mdmvbpyqqf
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 3246
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5218 :
name : frfzlhqkcu
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1200
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5219 :
name : tfxiazxarq
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3624
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5220 :
name : nfutegcwqg
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9281
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5221 :
name : mpskxvlxvc
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8746
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5222 :
name : wfiqaoyelr
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 6103
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5223 :
name : drpydmtolo
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4165
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5224 :
name : xmyhcaxdfi
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2027
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5225 :
name : npocnsrgic
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9698
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5226 :
name : vqdvziywld
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4526
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5227 :
name : siignyagej
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 8501
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5228 :
name : elmhilrgic
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2366
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5229 :
name : gcupljplpt
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4488
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5230 :
name : tnciwntotd
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2579
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5231 :
name : emuzdfkssa
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6061
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5232 :
name : tinwqllkze
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3470
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5233 :
name : fmoznugymy
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9808
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5234 :
name : pxycvoqgap
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7042
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5235 :
name : nhmcicwock
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9434
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5236 :
name : cwhcafrqlt
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6192
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5237 :
name : lhmalvchle
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3647
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5238 :
name : qjhxlhceaq
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7323
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5239 :
name : xzmkzxfdgq
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 878
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5240 :
name : ejnlgzuldu
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5649
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5241 :
name : ivqwfpumsa
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 6481
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5242 :
name : hdbuojvlwb
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7041
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5243 :
name : vwunsbconw
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8702
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5244 :
name : tyuwvliqwe
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5645
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5245 :
name : hvnbjgclup
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6393
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5246 :
name : zdduzyhhrf
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9951
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5247 :
name : adepenviys
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7332
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5248 :
name : khzodaomkh
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9859
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5249 :
name : ydzctfpopq
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6637
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5250 :
name : wwexmjydvi
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5051
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5251 :
name : edtdhmkxbz
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7494
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5252 :
name : mqwrnicnny
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3337
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5253 :
name : cjdwolkykn
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3218
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5254 :
name : wzmssadwpq
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5465
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5255 :
name : rncwlqjwpv
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7533
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5256 :
name : vfehzwjesz
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1781
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5257 :
name : eengdzxmvo
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5775
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5258 :
name : hfwlnxjyce
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1046
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5259 :
name : vqrkwujtig
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6456
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5260 :
name : evkcjzzsyb
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8989
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5261 :
name : nozezvykri
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7274
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5262 :
name : immsoxunps
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4378
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5263 :
name : agazmbxmlq
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1751
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5264 :
name : jgavaquwgj
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8926
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5265 :
name : lizlknmhaz
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1455
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5266 :
name : wydxvfnpct
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 67
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5267 :
name : lplmavzoeb
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4823
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5268 :
name : tutwtqejig
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8167
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5269 :
name : bidowflxwp
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7983
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5270 :
name : mrihpeytni
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 8870
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5271 :
name : gfyltutesr
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4832
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5272 :
name : vdhdlzjluw
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4643
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5273 :
name : cudbiyvdcp
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6479
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5274 :
name : zwribejlpe
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6445
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5275 :
name : aavfdddyih
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9809
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5276 :
name : wzdnigsrtj
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4205
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5277 :
name : uxcpefuhgc
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 233
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5278 :
name : pswsigbczw
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 802
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5279 :
name : ecuityqqiy
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8915
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5280 :
name : uspsnzyoby
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4002
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5281 :
name : rwangumwmw
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1411
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5282 :
name : rpcjhpiifk
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6812
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5283 :
name : vyfwmosake
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2097
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5284 :
name : ukuyvendmu
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5686
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5285 :
name : zkbggnuyph
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3563
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5286 :
name : visqgnuvsi
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2139
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5287 :
name : hiekomylkn
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9670
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5288 :
name : jhjbzsqvpi
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4303
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5289 :
name : nswrdmgdxq
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9540
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5290 :
name : genrfolvkb
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4975
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5291 :
name : yjtwdwijbi
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8112
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5292 :
name : hmwwgdmrzw
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8645
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5293 :
name : ncniyqfjzi
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3275
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5294 :
name : wdtsbbvovw
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 8502
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5295 :
name : hpyuyzkfij
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6170
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5296 :
name : qodmggpdwk
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7691
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5297 :
name : wmbwgzvqed
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4099
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5298 :
name : gdzlphrfnq
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 22
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5299 :
name : mrfnonmjeq
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 6541
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5300 :
name : vdwxongiut
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5955
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5301 :
name : blzibnvpyb
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4872
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5302 :
name : dpqbofrvpl
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5204
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5303 :
name : fabekethur
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3090
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5304 :
name : szlidcpuxe
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5074
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5305 :
name : jmonsyrlgl
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8506
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5306 :
name : jfoxqrzhly
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9254
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5307 :
name : atkogepxpx
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1791
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5308 :
name : dkotjelkoy
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4206
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5309 :
name : pxgboofdmw
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4033
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5310 :
name : bxlpquwbgk
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3483
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5311 :
name : zjlgmzuuei
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3320
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5312 :
name : jlvubmrzpx
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2723
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5313 :
name : aywngipbev
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2941
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5314 :
name : cetaaworvd
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6664
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5315 :
name : kffgsmqhpv
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1243
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5316 :
name : zldslgqzxn
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1198
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5317 :
name : aouiwpwoyn
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1088
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5318 :
name : rfwwzjcqja
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4985
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5319 :
name : gbkajgrhuq
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4150
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5320 :
name : gfqebqpegy
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4915
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5321 :
name : kamwdxcuhx
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4464
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5322 :
name : qquhuyxjcf
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6877
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5323 :
name : bpfpliooev
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 604
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5324 :
name : qirnrnloyn
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4420
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5325 :
name : bpcggpqudx
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6105
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5326 :
name : rjxiwoxhfv
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8175
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5327 :
name : vxdxflmwgs
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9927
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5328 :
name : zccwmzmjir
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4901
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5329 :
name : ghxmefxtdf
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8036
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5330 :
name : yalbyxclgk
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1516
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5331 :
name : sfgrtnwqiz
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1772
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5332 :
name : iezthzsjmy
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 802
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5333 :
name : kfwsypfxgn
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8173
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5334 :
name : jgpkawjuhw
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7008
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5335 :
name : esxbkvsssy
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9563
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5336 :
name : qfxfpzcaul
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3659
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5337 :
name : eundvzzntt
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4029
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5338 :
name : dmabsrawtw
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1904
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5339 :
name : gebviyxjoq
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1184
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5340 :
name : ounqxhjafd
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7424
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5341 :
name : eqtgobgnku
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1089
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5342 :
name : bncogzxrzc
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3741
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5343 :
name : fyyyembmzn
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1756
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5344 :
name : jivlybkvtk
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8505
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5345 :
name : ozhmznbazc
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3924
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5346 :
name : pzalmboxwj
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1066
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5347 :
name : kjrtxqgysh
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8563
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5348 :
name : iebirnjfmi
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1755
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5349 :
name : yebpxzhdzb
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8953
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5350 :
name : jkxmtoaevo
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3489
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5351 :
name : gskijhjsmi
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6072
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5352 :
name : epmbbhrdlm
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4160
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5353 :
name : jqruacdjvs
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4740
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5354 :
name : snlgqonhub
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2596
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5355 :
name : biqserxjas
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8755
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5356 :
name : eporveijne
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3115
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5357 :
name : usrklvbkhc
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4037
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5358 :
name : atuqmpxuak
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9070
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5359 :
name : fmwwzjuatb
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3162
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5360 :
name : qfemvrculc
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4016
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5361 :
name : uhvsgubcuu
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9938
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5362 :
name : djjhxgyzbm
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6995
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5363 :
name : grwdkexngs
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8822
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5364 :
name : xgoiomoonr
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4976
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5365 :
name : qlioossmfa
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5942
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5366 :
name : qazhipvyei
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1949
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5367 :
name : snwabksvya
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3680
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5368 :
name : kbhkkrzfqf
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6753
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5369 :
name : zmvvmyhhwi
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7961
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5370 :
name : wlffxpxwwp
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4454
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5371 :
name : grrbofavmw
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1268
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5372 :
name : tsjaxirugn
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6042
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5373 :
name : ertxsjcuhr
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4637
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5374 :
name : mfyxgyfxso
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5969
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5375 :
name : bqdwnygrup
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5236
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5376 :
name : ileilmgskb
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5360
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5377 :
name : tkbziqzqht
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3473
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5378 :
name : hrembrykmk
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2292
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5379 :
name : ullvkuljkv
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6908
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5380 :
name : gvqmjtehdq
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5303
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5381 :
name : oauzvevjqi
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5569
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5382 :
name : bdfrromvyq
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6879
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5383 :
name : nozhpxnngf
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7271
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5384 :
name : nyospfjbdh
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2644
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5385 :
name : anicuyzjlh
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2084
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5386 :
name : geduzubixe
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2834
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5387 :
name : rueawyaxhn
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7726
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5388 :
name : chwfbvzffy
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7356
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5389 :
name : gcjkehkgfu
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7017
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5390 :
name : ksshzweadm
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7713
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5391 :
name : xubihhptnw
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9283
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5392 :
name : tssnbtlito
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7688
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5393 :
name : cbefjlmbgb
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4914
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5394 :
name : jaydqawbkr
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 555
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5395 :
name : szmwgxjuar
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4202
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5396 :
name : rpkqsasqdc
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6959
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5397 :
name : unrilxgwri
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7091
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5398 :
name : stjcjdebvh
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8450
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5399 :
name : vjnnszmave
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2777
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5400 :
name : nnewpnavqv
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2365
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5401 :
name : cdvpqpoepm
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4702
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5402 :
name : gskmqbbswr
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8111
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5403 :
name : yujwlblchd
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1786
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5404 :
name : cspmgfpiyl
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7800
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5405 :
name : roeckpfyrn
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4582
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5406 :
name : ekltytanba
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4423
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5407 :
name : yfjchwupwl
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4288
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5408 :
name : mptzirskgw
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3536
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5409 :
name : wcwhggfavb
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1945
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5410 :
name : htbaultovz
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8142
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5411 :
name : zlqxtydaza
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4428
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5412 :
name : pmpqolbizz
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8022
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5413 :
name : xqppnkotkn
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2589
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5414 :
name : yofphtakdb
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7782
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5415 :
name : rsugkjsyec
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 238
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5416 :
name : inrpeyigjm
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4542
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5417 :
name : dqkzyuiqun
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 60
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5418 :
name : stnjiritxr
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9870
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5419 :
name : fnvpmtlwlh
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1409
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5420 :
name : oslbevumqr
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9704
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5421 :
name : dxuaoiubfh
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9950
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5422 :
name : fonsrrpldg
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1028
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5423 :
name : pjejjvufwz
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1070
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5424 :
name : mhaazrtrfz
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9606
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5425 :
name : otytfkozpm
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7842
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5426 :
name : hgohgqybhf
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8172
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5427 :
name : gaghvlrlmg
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5632
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5428 :
name : senglvymxf
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7178
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5429 :
name : wrmcahprvd
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4276
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5430 :
name : aezonkllyk
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1155
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5431 :
name : tavhevrvom
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5662
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5432 :
name : bufaksnvfn
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7648
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5433 :
name : klfhvmfmjt
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7108
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5434 :
name : ikxnnhhafo
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6910
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5435 :
name : qjqxqljxxt
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 148
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5436 :
name : iirixeregw
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2810
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5437 :
name : oabfxushrs
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3442
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5438 :
name : yttrbrvtxd
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3377
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5439 :
name : trawwaqrjk
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1085
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5440 :
name : fypzprsmmp
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2979
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5441 :
name : klynjwncny
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1816
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5442 :
name : hozwppphdb
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6370
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5443 :
name : pvypihoxjd
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 3687
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5444 :
name : bpwallrbsv
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 541
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5445 :
name : dfudwekkdw
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9770
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5446 :
name : btxxviiplc
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8416
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5447 :
name : ufkqkhwutz
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6278
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5448 :
name : hnweluovjc
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4293
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5449 :
name : znemfovbko
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 6257
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5450 :
name : bigymtscpd
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3367
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5451 :
name : xavbmarjbb
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 8685
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5452 :
name : zbmgzabtcq
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1112
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5453 :
name : nvjkwvkpgn
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3653
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5454 :
name : uyeggfgiaj
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9371
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5455 :
name : bvrlgpisep
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5662
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5456 :
name : atyfzhmgpn
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 804
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5457 :
name : mmvfzdxkvb
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 8127
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5458 :
name : awxzbwgqex
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6287
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5459 :
name : mgxjoymlih
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7360
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5460 :
name : rrcoqfmyvr
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6369
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5461 :
name : zadyjtwvef
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8115
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5462 :
name : uibwyubluz
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7106
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5463 :
name : wvgctpvqmc
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4882
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5464 :
name : fhuiftchgx
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7140
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5465 :
name : vgabktshle
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5675
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5466 :
name : ilffulayug
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9227
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5467 :
name : uhtukfqcnd
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9791
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5468 :
name : mpqtumgula
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3197
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5469 :
name : sncljnrbrg
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3809
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5470 :
name : hhwaatmhnx
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2207
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5471 :
name : bixfvjsmkk
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2259
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5472 :
name : rgtpgwitfw
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5989
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5473 :
name : yboyhkhbyr
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2240
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5474 :
name : vsarijnqes
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5485
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5475 :
name : pdydbhnijm
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2716
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5476 :
name : ziqbbykopo
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5820
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5477 :
name : kfnkjosyyb
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6724
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5478 :
name : xuyoyzmind
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4742
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5479 :
name : rutegeuyes
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2858
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5480 :
name : jajhohgdpv
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1839
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5481 :
name : ggwzmdfgbj
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8827
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5482 :
name : rdgclvjtaa
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7364
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5483 :
name : rneoorrvxu
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2826
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5484 :
name : dczmemhngj
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7994
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5485 :
name : nasuoinhem
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6443
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5486 :
name : gjzgvdseta
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3188
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5487 :
name : csuwoledui
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9000
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5488 :
name : qknrsiwnmr
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 8971
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5489 :
name : ynxtjngnqa
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5088
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5490 :
name : fjwscrczeo
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6092
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5491 :
name : uvruqajwqa
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5501
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5492 :
name : wjtubvlfwp
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7330
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5493 :
name : ngjfcchmyx
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9060
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5494 :
name : vumqqnleuk
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2844
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5495 :
name : pskyxmaeab
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5975
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5496 :
name : goisgzisdc
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9645
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5497 :
name : vuxfuwuvcu
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3284
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5498 :
name : xiqgbxhlrm
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2829
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5499 :
name : rfwqmqmglp
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 992
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5500 :
name : xjwqpznykg
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5300
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5501 :
name : dsqzjdpxjd
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 609
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5502 :
name : ejgbzxcoyp
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8572
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5503 :
name : aagtbpwrof
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3719
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5504 :
name : qryyuawwou
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3207
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5505 :
name : sflyympwfd
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6529
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5506 :
name : xojwmfykdo
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9798
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5507 :
name : khavhahwwp
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8713
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5508 :
name : ijntfayfmc
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4774
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5509 :
name : odprywriuo
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6473
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5510 :
name : pctdvafwgr
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5045
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5511 :
name : ujbjcbhulb
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2790
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5512 :
name : kredubgbxm
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3029
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5513 :
name : lcemngovcz
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4637
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5514 :
name : okispetvgt
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3177
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5515 :
name : llmrxaznxc
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5177
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5516 :
name : fphphytcub
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 65
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5517 :
name : nzqbsndrdc
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9347
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5518 :
name : vtieirebta
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4593
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5519 :
name : lwgbyyqdrt
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5084
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5520 :
name : gdsqhajndf
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 619
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5521 :
name : bhmhimhaqy
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 774
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5522 :
name : kqheiqesdi
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4741
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5523 :
name : gwutfefmfx
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5112
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5524 :
name : zmairjyvde
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7608
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5525 :
name : jctfxykfmp
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 35
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5526 :
name : cznfieqibt
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4310
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5527 :
name : svjlahlkmz
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9880
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5528 :
name : awqpbavrkw
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8342
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5529 :
name : kzewmgdxrr
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7914
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5530 :
name : yzmoopqlga
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7350
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5531 :
name : iccoyovdno
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4679
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5532 :
name : ybkkrazhmh
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7944
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5533 :
name : esnginwdqj
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6195
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5534 :
name : hcrrpjrqqd
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9276
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5535 :
name : lgeaomolqe
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9002
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5536 :
name : hcqatfjkxc
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4079
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5537 :
name : ochsfvhtiz
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8287
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5538 :
name : ybeqcxxnju
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2903
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5539 :
name : rkxadcvmxg
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 606
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5540 :
name : rtvvlzuimf
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3626
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5541 :
name : coibonglzf
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3077
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5542 :
name : azdxwrwszk
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8391
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5543 :
name : olpzofmuro
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4011
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5544 :
name : mguqfthbli
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6384
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5545 :
name : ovhguwliqe
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9194
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5546 :
name : mnhgfnboqn
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1359
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5547 :
name : vcgeiccukv
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9554
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5548 :
name : obbwkhlnxb
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2801
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5549 :
name : vyldevfhpr
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3383
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5550 :
name : oglsexbpky
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2324
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5551 :
name : fvqsyuofdf
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8574
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5552 :
name : fqfsijpjyb
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8411
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5553 :
name : emoueprsuu
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3899
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5554 :
name : bahgsprjap
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8234
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5555 :
name : yecnagcrzw
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4633
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5556 :
name : hrtqznhqxj
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3245
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5557 :
name : inpkcqrgjq
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7372
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5558 :
name : hdgcthscxr
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5638
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5559 :
name : koiabkssqd
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7054
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5560 :
name : qiuxnqehue
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5929
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5561 :
name : flcnndzfxr
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2837
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5562 :
name : fctbbiripo
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4181
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5563 :
name : iezktnqtun
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8220
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5564 :
name : ffuahxkafz
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4801
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5565 :
name : cswefprvkl
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9704
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5566 :
name : knbgpkeakj
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8848
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5567 :
name : xugvylmpix
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8285
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5568 :
name : ripupgevgr
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4297
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5569 :
name : diujftwskg
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1278
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5570 :
name : dcwuxladgh
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3918
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5571 :
name : rqinbogagt
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1553
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5572 :
name : wmmsglfhpl
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1304
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5573 :
name : zcokpryyrg
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 520
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5574 :
name : pvwdnepung
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 326
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5575 :
name : piqdsixsgo
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5693
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5576 :
name : yuwwalargo
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5232
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5577 :
name : kefajzkgss
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 460
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5578 :
name : slwojwzknh
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6052
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5579 :
name : tfjaisasbu
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8073
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5580 :
name : owblmkhmwx
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6042
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5581 :
name : omzxmjsoev
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9768
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5582 :
name : inujaguius
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 190
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5583 :
name : ljwmgjwaza
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5036
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5584 :
name : obyimzpijj
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2628
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5585 :
name : kdvipetlet
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 872
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5586 :
name : ovvodinsqw
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 245
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5587 :
name : broyagctrh
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6424
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5588 :
name : dhizwmhlgz
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5050
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5589 :
name : edltclzghs
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7922
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5590 :
name : pcyxbwlkis
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3457
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5591 :
name : ylakeexfke
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3607
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5592 :
name : rsarrdodpy
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8813
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5593 :
name : qcsqoywlfh
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2286
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5594 :
name : flcgevluyb
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6437
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5595 :
name : nhfixtiueo
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2260
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5596 :
name : hpdlxkgjeh
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5243
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5597 :
name : hhwopwjaso
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6977
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5598 :
name : fuwkhuupfz
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5043
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5599 :
name : rmuobkkkmc
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6288
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5600 :
name : eulagswbhb
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3061
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5601 :
name : fvxajamvny
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7089
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5602 :
name : rcaefhwbkf
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2684
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5603 :
name : yflwhvyvsl
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5836
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5604 :
name : fovgscpqfz
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2870
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5605 :
name : dlpohylgte
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9861
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5606 :
name : oaxlgrnxht
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3628
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5607 :
name : nmdeamcouv
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9390
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5608 :
name : sgirsqkhnr
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9237
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5609 :
name : rtewyhjavf
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 6524
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5610 :
name : eapotjferu
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2041
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5611 :
name : arthnroytl
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4009
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5612 :
name : jfbauwkbab
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8407
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5613 :
name : ueqnlegzeb
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3568
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5614 :
name : uxrvxnrjou
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 709
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5615 :
name : vdtosgsafw
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6686
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5616 :
name : tqemleafpo
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8367
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5617 :
name : suoniiucib
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6902
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5618 :
name : cfyjrmprte
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9677
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5619 :
name : tcnjqyrmab
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2018
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5620 :
name : vnsvwkhlda
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3249
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5621 :
name : ptcfdsdwgf
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2408
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5622 :
name : witrdpdlcg
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1329
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5623 :
name : sznuesphpx
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8314
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5624 :
name : ywkrnnjqan
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6146
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5625 :
name : dnztjenanc
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3560
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5626 :
name : tpbdjqtujt
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8738
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5627 :
name : jwslpdpdee
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7546
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5628 :
name : nsnoyyfrso
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5769
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5629 :
name : dhpvsgyjjc
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6557
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5630 :
name : eomrdkpkdh
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2005
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5631 :
name : ddvsyoyyxk
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5472
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5632 :
name : vndjgiwvuz
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7242
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5633 :
name : fszbkzrixq
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2311
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5634 :
name : usbxcihyfb
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8902
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5635 :
name : vwrwzdxqnv
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8726
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5636 :
name : ljypjcxqcc
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8869
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5637 :
name : pprglsljlz
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4480
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5638 :
name : mtumifqhws
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4937
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5639 :
name : qpahyocjzn
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9838
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5640 :
name : sghourulyq
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4333
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5641 :
name : vqbyzbobnn
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2857
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5642 :
name : mrxugrlccm
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9531
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5643 :
name : izblxdnlea
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6868
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5644 :
name : ololhwdsyh
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2652
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5645 :
name : bmxcyvflim
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6502
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5646 :
name : fbuvmbtrwr
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4898
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5647 :
name : jtthyredem
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1902
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5648 :
name : jkfdfthbld
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3494
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5649 :
name : orckyabefg
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1472
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5650 :
name : bblghtaoun
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6366
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5651 :
name : jtoldonett
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1099
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5652 :
name : tnihwpayfu
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1457
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5653 :
name : fzvtlahaha
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8749
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5654 :
name : vlvdsrsspz
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5036
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5655 :
name : ddpzycbgfi
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7379
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5656 :
name : judgxxxrro
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3713
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5657 :
name : iuhavfcxnh
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4411
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5658 :
name : cvrhboebfv
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3689
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5659 :
name : fqimqeuvbh
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9482
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5660 :
name : csptbqhfro
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6564
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5661 :
name : bkjmyaqsxt
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1806
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5662 :
name : ximodohnva
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9762
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5663 :
name : csomgnowfl
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7261
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5664 :
name : guxtjahqnc
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5995
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5665 :
name : feevqlkgjq
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4498
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5666 :
name : omulhfoovd
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5451
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5667 :
name : gcwnypyivh
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1031
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5668 :
name : iqlfctksji
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2923
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5669 :
name : qecmrcdpnb
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8469
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5670 :
name : psgazkvjef
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2400
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5671 :
name : jfemuvoxlb
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2564
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5672 :
name : ijnommahwe
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2947
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5673 :
name : hhmltihkiu
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4477
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5674 :
name : zpmpdybgiz
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8822
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5675 :
name : yccmpxvyjd
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9372
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5676 :
name : qaudradsgl
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2745
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5677 :
name : elrixigshp
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5713
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5678 :
name : uzeoevoipu
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5188
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5679 :
name : cmjtujbcbk
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4981
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5680 :
name : qcjwrorhyi
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9839
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5681 :
name : utpeolnrqq
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3196
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5682 :
name : zgxjcqzvxx
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8633
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5683 :
name : tunkadypvo
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 439
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5684 :
name : syxrhbjgyj
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4641
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5685 :
name : frzuebycqt
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7281
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5686 :
name : jkvgeehnnh
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4813
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5687 :
name : pqkqmorksj
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4150
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5688 :
name : fikaoohxeu
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1461
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5689 :
name : dgdnxqdocv
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2924
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5690 :
name : hoqtrgkygo
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5459
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5691 :
name : ejmjyjzbzc
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7713
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5692 :
name : tkxleouooa
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6563
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5693 :
name : uaygkwplao
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8095
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5694 :
name : yxovkuleiz
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5482
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5695 :
name : wrlwzxsols
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3606
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5696 :
name : vtfjqreewo
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3864
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5697 :
name : qlubhtbbjm
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1431
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5698 :
name : wifdtyvzct
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2688
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5699 :
name : dljxoqtpue
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6931
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5700 :
name : hsnmyiktio
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7495
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5701 :
name : uoieowwjoq
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 6911
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5702 :
name : lrkyfijsbt
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7244
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5703 :
name : qzpydfwzok
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9809
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5704 :
name : vkgfkmptgq
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6790
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5705 :
name : ivszvxesys
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8682
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5706 :
name : jgbpllddfj
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8273
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5707 :
name : tlwnkskoki
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2178
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5708 :
name : smftesgjvn
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6010
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5709 :
name : gmhczrwlhg
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3926
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5710 :
name : wqhblntswp
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 437
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5711 :
name : cuylxzcvkj
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9889
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5712 :
name : svxbyiorcl
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3563
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5713 :
name : purnfqpjlb
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6582
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5714 :
name : qnlpolzddc
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7139
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5715 :
name : ihazxgpmrd
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8627
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5716 :
name : jrvwgmihrn
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6915
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5717 :
name : egjhhipzug
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5671
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5718 :
name : bfzwchkmpb
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 393
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5719 :
name : kgevnndcmx
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7603
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5720 :
name : rgqseuapir
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7824
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5721 :
name : rnrxigllkx
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9691
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5722 :
name : zlhreoogfy
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4281
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5723 :
name : rknkhxqukc
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3247
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5724 :
name : yjahagvqmc
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6323
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5725 :
name : cqqqazpsua
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8167
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5726 :
name : lqfoahwvyl
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6255
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5727 :
name : eceuugukyq
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2631
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5728 :
name : cwfjmfsics
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3040
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5729 :
name : vyhztbfnnf
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9838
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5730 :
name : mngtwsyoaa
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1834
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5731 :
name : fmoonjstyf
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8204
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5732 :
name : rozxhxrhot
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2488
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5733 :
name : hsbygpjyki
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 32
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5734 :
name : ygczdjxwqn
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1489
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5735 :
name : xqezonqana
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 8231
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5736 :
name : zvqbvvnurf
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3734
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5737 :
name : uqgapxpfxd
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1757
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5738 :
name : lvwbytznpq
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6902
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5739 :
name : pwfwzxtoes
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4744
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5740 :
name : zffxifshth
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7818
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5741 :
name : wtpepobkeh
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1270
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5742 :
name : fczkcjqurl
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3326
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5743 :
name : tgpkkealqf
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6644
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5744 :
name : xvawicfawy
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6292
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5745 :
name : qhqfsamsnc
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2300
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5746 :
name : uzvwvdyddx
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 542
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5747 :
name : hnlzsdzgyo
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9183
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5748 :
name : vebsdzxbcc
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6663
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5749 :
name : whpkhinion
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7684
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5750 :
name : nsqoltpkwr
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 672
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5751 :
name : zegponzdyp
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9994
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5752 :
name : atmsjznzkm
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4362
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5753 :
name : krkqiyghee
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4852
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5754 :
name : xsujmdlacx
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4777
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5755 :
name : cjdnzlnfur
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3563
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5756 :
name : plclxprkpt
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6199
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5757 :
name : dfpiuquiyo
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9344
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5758 :
name : shlutkjmua
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5266
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5759 :
name : ldoalitfsr
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 135
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5760 :
name : cztowmyhat
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2651
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5761 :
name : ddlrfwbyeu
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8467
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5762 :
name : awjtmfiloi
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8907
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5763 :
name : yhtjaygexm
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6913
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5764 :
name : vohghtnpgc
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3071
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5765 :
name : opcjyfigjh
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6614
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5766 :
name : ielpkukykr
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6792
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5767 :
name : atrfcqkkwv
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3233
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5768 :
name : bzdoqqiaou
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7859
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5769 :
name : hblygoqsap
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5735
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5770 :
name : fukjiaztcp
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2000
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5771 :
name : bbypbhfuzf
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 654
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5772 :
name : mydwjlyigb
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3444
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5773 :
name : ukruzudeqd
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4281
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5774 :
name : axtdwcrunx
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1170
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5775 :
name : jqfanexqin
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6920
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5776 :
name : lseexajqww
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5777 :
name : hthmvwssmc
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5157
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5778 :
name : cktgrriahf
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8014
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5779 :
name : rqcacxwxql
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6048
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5780 :
name : wajqiajrcq
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2271
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5781 :
name : zqzbrdypcq
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9693
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5782 :
name : pszbkkdtdg
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9543
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5783 :
name : pauqbnwcdy
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6779
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5784 :
name : cytdbfnfyq
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9692
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5785 :
name : vjnqbrdxti
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1811
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5786 :
name : ncxigynvfn
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5289
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5787 :
name : ldxbtyuyyp
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3297
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5788 :
name : zkdyulyhge
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9663
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5789 :
name : kifhjaifag
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9905
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5790 :
name : exojviuwrb
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6122
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5791 :
name : zjugsfiakj
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8979
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5792 :
name : zvcpezazvt
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8204
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5793 :
name : vbhrjzysai
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6397
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5794 :
name : suuumyumzp
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8304
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5795 :
name : lnisgrrejt
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 215
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5796 :
name : dxextqxpez
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3391
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5797 :
name : hhspbahufs
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5106
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5798 :
name : nvxrusktiq
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4333
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5799 :
name : jeudwvdfpk
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1379
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5800 :
name : gpudjqvvkf
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1867
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5801 :
name : hbgbecwjjo
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5522
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5802 :
name : rganlleigq
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7051
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5803 :
name : wspcvvgsep
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7480
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5804 :
name : gsihitumeb
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 232
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5805 :
name : luyaywveqb
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 629
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5806 :
name : czulicgdqk
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 681
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5807 :
name : nqpnsnjpuz
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9828
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5808 :
name : xxitksvqvl
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6012
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5809 :
name : zwaokuevjy
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3124
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5810 :
name : wtvgmfyhww
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9768
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5811 :
name : kbjkrvfxqq
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3065
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5812 :
name : rhbopounxq
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6086
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5813 :
name : dvwohqlonc
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1272
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5814 :
name : zufbjurdjq
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8049
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5815 :
name : etdcikutbi
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9322
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5816 :
name : roewrpqksb
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5373
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5817 :
name : cpwhuguoav
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 6312
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5818 :
name : okfsiwjajb
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6495
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5819 :
name : tdnskhygva
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5153
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5820 :
name : ovatpkszlb
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5038
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5821 :
name : ioqvidehja
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5721
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5822 :
name : lyqntgylhl
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1239
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5823 :
name : lkveffhmoq
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8140
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5824 :
name : zxhrnbznog
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6483
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5825 :
name : yjqvnybwkp
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1118
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5826 :
name : xvhenwhmjw
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4742
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5827 :
name : hpralgyodk
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9491
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5828 :
name : sqibuxaejl
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5604
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5829 :
name : cmltoycomf
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9058
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5830 :
name : laavexsedc
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1995
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5831 :
name : ipytkntmbf
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9755
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5832 :
name : heljzrisxl
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6457
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5833 :
name : coqbjaocpr
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9920
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5834 :
name : epfragklyh
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4220
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5835 :
name : wrtmufpije
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7859
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5836 :
name : nzqusqbcdb
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4759
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5837 :
name : dbkyqfffpp
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7211
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5838 :
name : jnmbjftmhx
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 888
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5839 :
name : stbettlzad
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4155
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5840 :
name : hjawmjbfwk
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5384
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5841 :
name : dxthcoapnb
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8303
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5842 :
name : xwqzscjvkh
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8378
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5843 :
name : vrroyveyls
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6234
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5844 :
name : fnpvnhyyfi
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1319
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5845 :
name : svpklpfpos
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 6805
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5846 :
name : qothjirjgw
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2198
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5847 :
name : hkizwvqeke
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6259
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5848 :
name : bnvwweenqm
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3426
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5849 :
name : meqwfotvse
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 6223
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5850 :
name : hbacyziemy
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3119
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5851 :
name : nfafdhuxfm
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6776
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5852 :
name : rmktqisyph
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1810
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5853 :
name : dydgejpagu
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8728
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5854 :
name : klcvesfzsu
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 351
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5855 :
name : bsbgahpqjv
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7695
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5856 :
name : yacavjudip
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5041
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5857 :
name : lfvolyvbog
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 156
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5858 :
name : vfpzimiers
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4571
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5859 :
name : lnajbnhyov
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1314
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5860 :
name : kebbejnoof
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9273
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5861 :
name : tdyvmbitzz
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 993
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5862 :
name : kztlazvqol
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2873
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5863 :
name : gqrglfivaj
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4508
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5864 :
name : ewdzigzfwp
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5265
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5865 :
name : csewzrbjoc
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8425
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5866 :
name : apugpemqjk
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5360
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5867 :
name : rxgvvfozoc
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3922
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5868 :
name : nahjgynuoy
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1336
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5869 :
name : maosxlznkp
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1581
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5870 :
name : sunzdvyspo
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9519
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5871 :
name : ybgowfaxsm
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 6867
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5872 :
name : ndkcepxeho
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1946
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5873 :
name : pdsxuocwlw
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7146
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5874 :
name : wzqgbxwybd
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9190
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5875 :
name : rohjlbzpzl
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8024
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5876 :
name : zntrvxorvs
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8235
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5877 :
name : srybdjecbd
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6131
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5878 :
name : geucvqzmhw
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7355
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5879 :
name : qoaqrfzvhc
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7138
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5880 :
name : wvgrxbhynq
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8250
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5881 :
name : fvghlymntu
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9174
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5882 :
name : vdebueedcs
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9702
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5883 :
name : daakjokwbf
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 360
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5884 :
name : kicplytpdx
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2614
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5885 :
name : eavgmeuwax
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7273
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5886 :
name : rqrvfcvasy
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9091
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5887 :
name : rczollthkv
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6501
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5888 :
name : zqjrnotiqn
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3978
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5889 :
name : patooecjnm
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5931
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5890 :
name : twldnytjgm
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5653
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5891 :
name : sdzltprvzf
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9882
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5892 :
name : vfzgkpffyn
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1371
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5893 :
name : dopezittgu
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2647
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5894 :
name : duidbusgzs
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6335
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5895 :
name : accpgeacxi
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 666
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5896 :
name : acrkhuezae
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9810
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5897 :
name : nkzscgwckv
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5963
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5898 :
name : qmkhwrddtd
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6438
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5899 :
name : yvhxnjdlnn
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 151
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5900 :
name : drynaxfeaa
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 3575
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5901 :
name : jimsiadnnq
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9428
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5902 :
name : dcncsozxub
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7429
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5903 :
name : bwanoiprwd
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5432
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5904 :
name : vgcjiuxjtr
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2067
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5905 :
name : mxcnmrxckv
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 243
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5906 :
name : ubczkmvjxp
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5034
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5907 :
name : rleuarnavx
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5240
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5908 :
name : qmlulyhhhe
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3757
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5909 :
name : vbwcvztizo
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5385
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5910 :
name : ctzpnknurv
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 860
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5911 :
name : socoqxplho
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4546
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5912 :
name : xxmwnahawy
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8473
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5913 :
name : ryhtpzsenz
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9894
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5914 :
name : jdhvawxhzw
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7344
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5915 :
name : qsdznuyfzl
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6257
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5916 :
name : mjfvgfueot
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4740
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5917 :
name : upqaodupjt
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4328
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5918 :
name : rsyxqfeklt
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5870
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5919 :
name : mpeepuijjt
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8021
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5920 :
name : cojcnzjrlw
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6944
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5921 :
name : aqxguoaeak
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9899
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5922 :
name : ootxqiycaj
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7156
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5923 :
name : imihueywly
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 176
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5924 :
name : ktkesdmtfo
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5810
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5925 :
name : voffvbjtyw
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2906
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5926 :
name : djeqpwtbpa
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3846
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5927 :
name : zsogxjiifg
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 731
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5928 :
name : xribhxaaar
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1728
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5929 :
name : ljjbrglzrq
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4941
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5930 :
name : ntbxvjwxjx
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4482
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5931 :
name : jpjsrabccs
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4817
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5932 :
name : aazbxwkuvw
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1041
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5933 :
name : ivbtqstrwx
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2410
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5934 :
name : odepecnryi
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1153
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5935 :
name : fjdictcxmy
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1375
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5936 :
name : vufzmjdzcd
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2553
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5937 :
name : elzhwdcydq
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5740
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5938 :
name : toayomjtom
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4698
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5939 :
name : wzpxilbmme
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5471
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5940 :
name : kqtkqjzcen
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 638
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5941 :
name : rpainjwqxi
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 172
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5942 :
name : bmswyihxmm
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6924
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5943 :
name : oqlpzaavqz
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7886
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5944 :
name : fdczcdjjaw
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2217
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5945 :
name : udhiugiudb
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2288
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5946 :
name : ggrihtnrfq
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5566
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5947 :
name : tkxasriaon
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8440
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5948 :
name : jzubjdwxwb
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4627
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5949 :
name : bnlyqdsafi
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 3211
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5950 :
name : hxddamhwjf
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9284
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5951 :
name : ujihiakcar
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8893
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5952 :
name : gndjtdwczh
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 575
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5953 :
name : awtidbknfn
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2852
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5954 :
name : jqmmbfpxhp
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 549
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5955 :
name : apqtatwkjb
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2425
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5956 :
name : rmtdbvjqus
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2968
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5957 :
name : fagvtgorsz
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7810
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5958 :
name : vfhoiiltbi
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4956
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5959 :
name : ackizfoqwg
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9283
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5960 :
name : tclbswlgpo
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1264
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5961 :
name : hdfulfzbxy
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9209
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5962 :
name : zczkfuiscy
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1420
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5963 :
name : cpzijkplmo
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8437
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5964 :
name : yakznrvvkx
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4362
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5965 :
name : nzqmjcyapk
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3827
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5966 :
name : rrebsttoqf
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6937
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5967 :
name : buktiuxgwm
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 8041
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5968 :
name : quvwwnprdh
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 112
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5969 :
name : cbunucjskf
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6481
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5970 :
name : wnftjdhaum
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 222
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5971 :
name : dftxuobdio
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3950
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5972 :
name : gaymtjrcjo
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5323
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5973 :
name : bybuvykzbu
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9972
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5974 :
name : arsbdnkwsw
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8534
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5975 :
name : nwbqszofaq
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2295
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5976 :
name : ynoqotgasy
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3434
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5977 :
name : kcvotophtp
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7095
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5978 :
name : beysxoldof
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 6333
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5979 :
name : hwhdkctblm
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 199
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5980 :
name : rwzrqyfbdw
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4882
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5981 :
name : papydbaydm
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8118
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5982 :
name : uomvgeunfx
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1991
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5983 :
name : ymipknrnow
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6426
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5984 :
name : jwmxrublhj
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9312
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5985 :
name : hpbrfogwdu
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 154
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5986 :
name : uxcguvawji
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2802
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5987 :
name : snawgfkndp
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7206
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5988 :
name : bbkdjgamcj
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1036
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5989 :
name : ordpnkwzza
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9338
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5990 :
name : mkuypffqrj
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1618
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5991 :
name : jvgoktyjtx
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1097
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5992 :
name : dvdztteajy
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7900
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5993 :
name : colicxbdgw
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6927
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5994 :
name : zpveoqxvri
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9130
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5995 :
name : kiwvsyvwbd
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 922
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5996 :
name : vbisgwiftb
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 445
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5997 :
name : mrfipyjkum
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6303
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 5998 :
name : lfstxyriel
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 986
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 5999 :
name : ucuallyuvu
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5367
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6000 :
name : zkbsfyswgw
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3205
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6001 :
name : tdkqdxbbtz
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6313
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6002 :
name : hfnixsjqqr
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1292
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6003 :
name : tcmgsqfwtz
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2866
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6004 :
name : eocrzalksd
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5442
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6005 :
name : oisdomvuio
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 3164
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6006 :
name : eafhtejgob
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8918
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6007 :
name : xhppkfdhzm
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7650
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6008 :
name : ikunrntcvj
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 587
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6009 :
name : hlfwcqbgxd
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8686
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6010 :
name : uvloieedgz
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8909
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6011 :
name : ewlksnavtz
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4306
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6012 :
name : yuwlifrmkz
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6863
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6013 :
name : jziwjaklxd
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9786
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6014 :
name : shsoscvlpg
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4494
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6015 :
name : riyzehbqsy
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6883
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6016 :
name : uhwmxqpvcg
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2876
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6017 :
name : kzvjabsbsl
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7389
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6018 :
name : eqkcdhtucv
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3876
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6019 :
name : wzotkovdrn
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2760
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6020 :
name : eoforkvkga
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9038
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6021 :
name : xrzlkjcfmt
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1675
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6022 :
name : bbbjpstnec
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7829
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6023 :
name : krwjfhsjof
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 712
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6024 :
name : wugxdxrzkx
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8589
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6025 :
name : pvloesxzbl
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2323
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6026 :
name : znrhmvedur
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5523
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6027 :
name : kegysmqplu
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7137
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6028 :
name : xwwqdjnjoj
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1103
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6029 :
name : rbjxbbjssv
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7445
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6030 :
name : xnmudpftyt
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5055
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6031 :
name : sctbbvfkpx
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5791
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6032 :
name : gtgunllugk
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5322
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6033 :
name : duayybvdnm
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4040
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6034 :
name : kbmswaehwk
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5906
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6035 :
name : tllvkjyfom
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7574
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6036 :
name : aylmqjourl
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9710
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6037 :
name : oaeaxolwwa
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1530
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6038 :
name : bvbohsyyor
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3356
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6039 :
name : wzedbdtmbp
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8552
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6040 :
name : libozlgxjx
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5347
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6041 :
name : ysfeviiovl
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7094
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6042 :
name : dcbhraszzd
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 582
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6043 :
name : frfnycvisq
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4051
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6044 :
name : vysyfjbxlc
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1909
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6045 :
name : hgwmtuqrei
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1602
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6046 :
name : xiqpjvbkum
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 942
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6047 :
name : apbwdxstow
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9772
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6048 :
name : livdzgycqs
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3331
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6049 :
name : lmdpkgmcac
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2226
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6050 :
name : qhxokyulbl
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7127
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6051 :
name : dfrgudpifp
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1946
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6052 :
name : kgijushpdi
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 8537
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6053 :
name : ftmzcjcrrk
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4790
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6054 :
name : qpayyvtfmy
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3148
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6055 :
name : oxzdwbmzud
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3024
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6056 :
name : frygpwdkep
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2332
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6057 :
name : hjhgmgkyfg
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3782
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6058 :
name : usjtabpflt
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7648
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6059 :
name : ziwjrkpbiw
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7417
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6060 :
name : gptqitrxbc
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9794
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6061 :
name : mihkryuibe
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 3694
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6062 :
name : qaulscgjch
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5728
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6063 :
name : eznllgkhol
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 793
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6064 :
name : eutaflfmvh
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4589
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6065 :
name : jexxqifcpu
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9875
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6066 :
name : jsbcsinxwk
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1556
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6067 :
name : twzqvraatr
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8374
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6068 :
name : ayqdallnki
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3045
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6069 :
name : updvhymibf
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4957
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6070 :
name : ozmhemspce
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7482
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6071 :
name : fwmiruhgek
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1998
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6072 :
name : ysfkzjztbb
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7570
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6073 :
name : acanktjtzn
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8789
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6074 :
name : bnkgzlsygt
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7082
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6075 :
name : zfjzuttdpu
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5744
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6076 :
name : anamwaaqag
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9623
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6077 :
name : tgncfhyamn
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9936
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6078 :
name : xigxvezvua
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9131
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6079 :
name : klsyozhmcu
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3427
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6080 :
name : tjqcjnikid
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5769
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6081 :
name : wbpqbfqiru
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7380
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6082 :
name : caqsezfnjp
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7534
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6083 :
name : izpzpqefbv
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6856
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6084 :
name : wzpmrvnziw
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9727
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6085 :
name : jecadrrizu
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8890
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6086 :
name : qrwhfpcson
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5382
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6087 :
name : swewwkopsp
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1444
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6088 :
name : mdnkksaokq
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1554
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6089 :
name : anmgkiqaak
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8791
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6090 :
name : gtbudnofez
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7289
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6091 :
name : qxoceymwam
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6239
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6092 :
name : yzocturibv
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1600
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6093 :
name : fdwthattzt
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 807
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6094 :
name : giaumwqegs
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5098
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6095 :
name : qmfnhmpbho
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4921
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6096 :
name : zpkajwwccc
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1520
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6097 :
name : veycrgoijv
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4272
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6098 :
name : mxdyxpvvrz
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2800
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6099 :
name : speqrxyhgh
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 8854
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6100 :
name : fgzleycbvt
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3891
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6101 :
name : ichpvamthu
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5212
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6102 :
name : ezpfmwgoxb
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6053
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6103 :
name : oapwpkwdgg
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3783
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6104 :
name : dhgtptpvho
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2280
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6105 :
name : elktjzghfo
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2280
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6106 :
name : gpsmijfxen
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 629
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6107 :
name : oimzexameh
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2681
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6108 :
name : zjwtvecbdi
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6769
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6109 :
name : lkgzlkwmwd
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6184
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6110 :
name : gjkdehjikn
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8549
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6111 :
name : bqljrwvqkt
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4106
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6112 :
name : ucbghhorpy
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 6150
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6113 :
name : zpdkbvhwlr
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3914
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6114 :
name : reeskmzafq
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3656
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6115 :
name : lzsqktltsy
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1357
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6116 :
name : idznymbzmi
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6332
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6117 :
name : yepsvzoiug
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1529
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6118 :
name : jwyjlyvozj
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 764
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6119 :
name : ktnzniabrw
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1044
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6120 :
name : xllxwyxtmx
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 977
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6121 :
name : zmynnmxopq
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1805
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6122 :
name : ipnvojumeg
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5670
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6123 :
name : yzuxoillya
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2000
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6124 :
name : cerpafbwtf
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5487
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6125 :
name : xwfrttbegz
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7837
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6126 :
name : oknhbpocli
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6505
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6127 :
name : sxlxrgssmz
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1436
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6128 :
name : uwnkdobttp
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5316
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6129 :
name : wkdkkuqemd
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4277
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6130 :
name : bnmozreblz
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3413
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6131 :
name : kvtnhfhyjv
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7133
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6132 :
name : uexjsxayan
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8103
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6133 :
name : moqfbykkyw
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1136
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6134 :
name : viiutctwav
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 950
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6135 :
name : ictbjvzuhx
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8023
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6136 :
name : ecoowjqsfs
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9472
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6137 :
name : ynktouopqy
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6680
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6138 :
name : turjipsyhy
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5460
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6139 :
name : xmpifgcwxs
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5765
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6140 :
name : rcxinfzggj
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9667
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6141 :
name : iszzaefcad
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4672
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6142 :
name : tpkqzyyzee
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7408
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6143 :
name : saxrbavhey
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9767
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6144 :
name : cyrppqpprv
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2334
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6145 :
name : msvljxlggs
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1228
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6146 :
name : wfvnumgldx
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5812
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6147 :
name : sbqonbnait
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4156
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6148 :
name : kmvhzruhfx
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1167
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6149 :
name : wycpopqbqa
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1824
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6150 :
name : grmdznxvvc
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9736
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6151 :
name : qrgvgvmywe
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5090
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6152 :
name : rwudavqxsn
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9552
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6153 :
name : vjacegxqev
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7045
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6154 :
name : rdsniuiytc
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1299
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6155 :
name : zxtzzzfyqm
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 148
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6156 :
name : pdgjsodcoy
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8729
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6157 :
name : eufavezber
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 8095
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6158 :
name : hxqpiidnku
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 563
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6159 :
name : ckhjmcplft
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2140
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6160 :
name : gtexinfmaq
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1867
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6161 :
name : rjfysrdifi
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6604
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6162 :
name : kfmoevbjje
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2471
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6163 :
name : lbitadmdlr
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1486
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6164 :
name : vcwhraeulp
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2897
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6165 :
name : geyoxarjfe
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5840
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6166 :
name : mxqkhjkldx
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9021
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6167 :
name : jrykgxkzjs
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3064
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6168 :
name : apqqbxzlkd
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3528
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6169 :
name : bgqcsybfyk
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1641
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6170 :
name : pkyfdzecmq
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1767
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6171 :
name : dscvwuuxzs
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6519
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6172 :
name : fxvfeyekcs
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9355
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6173 :
name : kkuohsibqk
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2385
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6174 :
name : takqfqqjbs
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1995
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6175 :
name : hevdscwcgo
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2973
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6176 :
name : asvmibdyme
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2947
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6177 :
name : tioonislky
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7387
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6178 :
name : xssugaxjak
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4407
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6179 :
name : msdcgrmzcy
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3778
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6180 :
name : xypptwrqhr
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9781
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6181 :
name : jurnyzgkyk
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5367
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6182 :
name : kiabxtxrlh
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9575
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6183 :
name : eitvxrvdcv
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4548
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6184 :
name : xodzrduruh
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6990
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6185 :
name : wklpiiidnk
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9384
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6186 :
name : txuywmbsdv
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8941
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6187 :
name : fvtqmbaugn
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7048
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6188 :
name : wzgsyegzwl
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4179
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6189 :
name : zcrtudwwyd
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2629
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6190 :
name : xyjdtjjzih
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4759
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6191 :
name : bbgswcwsyu
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1450
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6192 :
name : kkmtpfeyfn
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7731
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6193 :
name : znyhfwkbpi
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2379
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6194 :
name : ghosceyhef
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8606
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6195 :
name : wrlvzqrjui
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3718
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6196 :
name : drxrmbvkka
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5171
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6197 :
name : mmsxjrpdaj
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3214
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6198 :
name : rpzohlrexc
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2829
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6199 :
name : lgsefcvvhy
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4015
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6200 :
name : byyaohngmk
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3047
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6201 :
name : gixzofdlak
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1405
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6202 :
name : pfoqhdxxll
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 3455
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6203 :
name : xqburpzwbb
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2663
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6204 :
name : aezougtude
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 876
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6205 :
name : vmrwhloihp
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7060
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6206 :
name : vyjumgdici
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4716
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6207 :
name : ynjslsdzdk
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3989
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6208 :
name : frlrozzrjb
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7713
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6209 :
name : lxfxrqpuqu
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 896
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6210 :
name : ynwlgklhbu
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6739
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6211 :
name : midrfuiwpa
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2347
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6212 :
name : ldshoatbhu
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2975
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6213 :
name : efwhybbgxs
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 915
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6214 :
name : ucwolmpeow
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 387
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6215 :
name : eenanmdpsc
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5382
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6216 :
name : mwwkkhwbnk
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2387
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6217 :
name : fuwswjgbab
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6218 :
name : wiisusbruo
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9916
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6219 :
name : ulgqfcamda
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3787
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6220 :
name : wnpefkzidv
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2426
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6221 :
name : bvxhmdlopq
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4539
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6222 :
name : fxivephfzk
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5675
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6223 :
name : hsvgbhlovc
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3137
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6224 :
name : bkklfqcmvb
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7629
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6225 :
name : wbgsijbtxz
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1318
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6226 :
name : yisktzbwny
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3515
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6227 :
name : kwjtotesoc
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3144
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6228 :
name : pczjmukpsx
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9235
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6229 :
name : uamdtdyyvm
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9012
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6230 :
name : ubuvkipvak
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1933
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6231 :
name : ubgiecleci
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1519
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6232 :
name : qnskkfvcax
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5624
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6233 :
name : xiefskheol
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5912
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6234 :
name : jbsdocilek
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1124
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6235 :
name : kyqrfjdpnu
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7850
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6236 :
name : ffsxiicrtg
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 202
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6237 :
name : hveymjhpaw
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7626
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6238 :
name : qucktksvbn
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8193
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6239 :
name : wmickuntmo
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4958
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6240 :
name : ohgqrzalxc
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8900
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6241 :
name : uoudqfzfyl
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9556
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6242 :
name : xasfsjgvwd
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5021
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6243 :
name : oayjdqofvo
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4261
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6244 :
name : paghfysoto
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6775
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6245 :
name : uobuxgknlg
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8496
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6246 :
name : cciilpjgfe
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3812
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6247 :
name : zbncwljiaw
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2269
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6248 :
name : ksvscgjlmp
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 611
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6249 :
name : nstavrneao
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2739
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6250 :
name : lpyghansob
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2545
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6251 :
name : cmtypopcur
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7635
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6252 :
name : qyrofaquue
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7019
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6253 :
name : nmuhmjxcns
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2236
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6254 :
name : tvtmlymcui
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3115
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6255 :
name : umqqvfztho
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7885
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6256 :
name : pxfjjrjxvg
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9619
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6257 :
name : espwikbjdk
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 380
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6258 :
name : zlrgwczibu
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7585
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6259 :
name : auzpqhcssf
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6717
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6260 :
name : suxmbtocdq
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3178
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6261 :
name : gzdhruotog
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6074
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6262 :
name : jtiifjdtoh
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9027
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6263 :
name : ksjnzcjpvx
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2491
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6264 :
name : ggpoouatqo
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5422
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6265 :
name : lliwaizkzu
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1859
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6266 :
name : rhcgysdylt
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3989
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6267 :
name : iactwcdxoc
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 994
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6268 :
name : vdjzmjrphf
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7718
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6269 :
name : ipmmikolid
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5402
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6270 :
name : emwpoiyfzh
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8387
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6271 :
name : mncazklqxt
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1652
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6272 :
name : nesjwgtuos
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3112
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6273 :
name : ptvttxggnd
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5701
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6274 :
name : ukqpvmvphj
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4907
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6275 :
name : scmnvikboz
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6494
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6276 :
name : vuyojuaelj
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 21
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6277 :
name : owjalhkwiz
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6804
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6278 :
name : dgjcusyvyj
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3224
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6279 :
name : prqyrcfeaq
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7806
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6280 :
name : wxrfbnzzka
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3443
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6281 :
name : lhldfefnih
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 678
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6282 :
name : rlhksiyski
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 996
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6283 :
name : vxvgbdnisx
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1156
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6284 :
name : uswbdrmbjw
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7855
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6285 :
name : jiperqjgab
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1583
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6286 :
name : ojkmkpdyso
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 272
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6287 :
name : jadyguqqaq
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2020
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6288 :
name : cmdoypfeox
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7310
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6289 :
name : vzdyzkupcw
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8841
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6290 :
name : wxfzngqtme
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4376
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6291 :
name : urvarwkolm
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1228
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6292 :
name : fimmjauati
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3326
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6293 :
name : nwajwthghv
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1243
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6294 :
name : hmtuzcwver
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7815
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6295 :
name : niintgjbms
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3771
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6296 :
name : xvcqrdupzb
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5177
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6297 :
name : cagnqctzdg
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3125
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6298 :
name : gfkjxcotrn
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1131
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6299 :
name : qnnzafbtgg
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1408
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6300 :
name : uapgloiaja
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5025
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6301 :
name : pyfexhkabq
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2309
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6302 :
name : cjzrqmhamr
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8884
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6303 :
name : privwgciif
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9109
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6304 :
name : kvqjpgywgk
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9113
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6305 :
name : yefhbdnflx
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6751
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6306 :
name : thcjtrrrnx
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5351
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6307 :
name : wqxdxygmer
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9615
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6308 :
name : lrxncsetlt
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9949
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6309 :
name : qxbnaboips
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5396
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6310 :
name : zttygwrmpe
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4728
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6311 :
name : gujkjmlxwa
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6853
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6312 :
name : gbzzahxttp
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7224
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6313 :
name : lbyvnijyhh
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2012
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6314 :
name : nldmmdtmym
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7642
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6315 :
name : rmwqjjaukj
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 463
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6316 :
name : kwfpltuefs
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 254
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6317 :
name : kzzirktrgd
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 895
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6318 :
name : kxppmalggs
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7058
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6319 :
name : oclpmczfwh
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4355
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6320 :
name : jmkadwaofi
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7597
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6321 :
name : vabgrnlsth
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1469
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6322 :
name : sytcaxbalg
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4584
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6323 :
name : luimdzcorx
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8846
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6324 :
name : ixiccjzdlm
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7338
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6325 :
name : plqaavzcjt
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6136
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6326 :
name : vkkeomppra
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4814
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6327 :
name : weooeojgsu
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 6009
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6328 :
name : nkgaqwofmg
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 239
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6329 :
name : phhgvowhur
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9519
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6330 :
name : gtvotlkiqw
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7447
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6331 :
name : rurzcppawj
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8075
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6332 :
name : riznwsygcr
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3322
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6333 :
name : dlvxmxmbxi
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4854
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6334 :
name : nlbmyzgzhl
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1988
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6335 :
name : iqrdndczgc
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9904
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6336 :
name : kgxnsymaxt
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7155
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6337 :
name : oduhhimjjs
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1653
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6338 :
name : yqsvfmtrms
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5890
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6339 :
name : nlaishsetb
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3509
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6340 :
name : gidaflmbcb
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4208
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6341 :
name : auzaetkwxd
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2494
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6342 :
name : wdrcdznsar
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5926
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6343 :
name : zyxzadskas
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9944
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6344 :
name : zxzsbfroxr
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5152
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6345 :
name : rsqqtquobw
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2087
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6346 :
name : uyputqbkfy
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1557
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6347 :
name : imcafyqzmt
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9477
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6348 :
name : bnsqjnhkzo
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6474
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6349 :
name : nknrkupdtb
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6228
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6350 :
name : pkwjagwhqv
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4228
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6351 :
name : dnosfamwdf
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3500
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6352 :
name : ekwdtxjrgb
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6901
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6353 :
name : gvuuobuaxa
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1375
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6354 :
name : omblpxkaqq
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 489
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6355 :
name : bmvvglycnv
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4770
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6356 :
name : kzpnmgmwgd
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 201
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6357 :
name : kmbhjjuhmj
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7432
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6358 :
name : khcbxohjmn
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4997
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6359 :
name : mlznukzorl
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9088
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6360 :
name : iqbktyaahm
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3292
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6361 :
name : eakgpeqoui
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8141
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6362 :
name : vrswcmwcoe
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3107
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6363 :
name : bowlunrlen
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3713
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6364 :
name : iwidvmprqf
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4646
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6365 :
name : hcgfpatinx
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2379
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6366 :
name : xoihrdtiwj
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5638
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6367 :
name : klyqqntlyi
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 3114
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6368 :
name : cookxfpqom
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4457
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6369 :
name : bfsbxjrqwp
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2827
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6370 :
name : iwowjldadr
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1548
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6371 :
name : dwgvzdgqwd
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9435
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6372 :
name : kanyyylbzo
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3559
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6373 :
name : vtgbrfhzwd
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1515
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6374 :
name : tatiathlvi
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3588
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6375 :
name : dtclvvrcup
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7179
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6376 :
name : ocqjmqftca
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3915
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6377 :
name : yezaquvjys
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 706
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6378 :
name : gkuwugnzcr
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 489
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6379 :
name : crlbudxrmx
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6589
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6380 :
name : uhrqdnwqoa
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7607
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6381 :
name : mkbznxckpo
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7923
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6382 :
name : lhicxnrvgf
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9733
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6383 :
name : ishluujwey
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5703
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6384 :
name : zchhgexxcd
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3151
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6385 :
name : okavwwshvw
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 921
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6386 :
name : kfesokylka
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1231
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6387 :
name : kxfnudjmke
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2159
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6388 :
name : qhawzoiycs
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 796
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6389 :
name : cryjetnqhx
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9310
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6390 :
name : mfxobycjwe
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9494
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6391 :
name : ypxxyesnuz
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2445
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6392 :
name : jomicnhgzf
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7297
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6393 :
name : kkhihhmzvi
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2535
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6394 :
name : igaupekyml
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 25
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6395 :
name : euynchuqjr
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3790
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6396 :
name : llnlhertce
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4202
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6397 :
name : tymtnraihl
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7822
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6398 :
name : emwsafwrzb
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3346
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6399 :
name : bwynpmgrwo
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9175
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6400 :
name : jhlhzlmxcn
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2438
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6401 :
name : tmbtcsfild
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5812
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6402 :
name : zhakqbxfac
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3837
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6403 :
name : jgzkabehjp
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2219
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6404 :
name : znqzagaxla
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3144
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6405 :
name : qocpycseld
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3906
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6406 :
name : uzamaasaze
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5811
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6407 :
name : futhltldyx
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8122
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6408 :
name : iqvkcvkuxj
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8735
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6409 :
name : rsxmbkhnnh
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4764
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6410 :
name : vrgsdinnem
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8579
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6411 :
name : pcnnqpxyen
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1648
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6412 :
name : zevhxyrmov
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 6455
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6413 :
name : yadlptcpri
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7933
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6414 :
name : emmztlzkyn
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2069
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6415 :
name : bkmexexctr
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9023
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6416 :
name : atwmspyrby
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2578
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6417 :
name : liizoidokw
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7496
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6418 :
name : dxgblysjst
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4655
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6419 :
name : ctrlvhtyvf
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3462
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6420 :
name : ryyxzmysvs
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9098
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6421 :
name : zwlsjgaegx
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6963
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6422 :
name : zfuaftmfnj
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4705
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6423 :
name : irwvkfdmjj
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 874
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6424 :
name : lloflvazaq
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3816
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6425 :
name : tlfqirvlfh
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9362
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6426 :
name : kwnzbawezx
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 937
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6427 :
name : miztyjmwur
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4170
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6428 :
name : lpbyqcymgz
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 468
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6429 :
name : zwcbrakdwh
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4929
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6430 :
name : ervfrlkqzs
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8250
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6431 :
name : oevqhmtrrp
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2256
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6432 :
name : zhnumfhwxi
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3244
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6433 :
name : saznrgbkzs
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2392
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6434 :
name : etjtpwyyux
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3031
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6435 :
name : jxyimrqodp
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 364
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6436 :
name : swwbrozsmu
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8840
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6437 :
name : doxdwluobx
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1512
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6438 :
name : gncfptvolj
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5694
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6439 :
name : fvveytpsir
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5546
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6440 :
name : hfxjmoehcq
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9092
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6441 :
name : zcawiasysa
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1745
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6442 :
name : xfowqckulp
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2433
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6443 :
name : lfgldolvof
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4391
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6444 :
name : bnisjyuuvg
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7801
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6445 :
name : nautnxkavy
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5407
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6446 :
name : laxwsgwpcr
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 584
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6447 :
name : owgisthcvc
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1704
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6448 :
name : hwceswmqlr
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6499
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6449 :
name : nzqtjipqkk
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7986
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6450 :
name : odtsjnpxfa
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7888
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6451 :
name : ekzudieubo
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4004
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6452 :
name : aivvbeksbp
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 372
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6453 :
name : hmzjiernzs
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8309
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6454 :
name : iiiffllrdn
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9966
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6455 :
name : wxtxgcbarc
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8599
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6456 :
name : ivntbtemkk
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9767
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6457 :
name : rgjldrnhrg
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6845
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6458 :
name : hcuvvxqckc
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 55
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6459 :
name : jpesaimprd
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 890
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6460 :
name : qhznewkuyw
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3191
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6461 :
name : ggckbeunun
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 43
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6462 :
name : mcbnpfkcak
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 608
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6463 :
name : lqepbhuxuq
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4632
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6464 :
name : brzefrjrtl
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7797
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6465 :
name : iospftwztt
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1617
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6466 :
name : feceijxrcq
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5969
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6467 :
name : maaerganfv
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7422
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6468 :
name : oteqamcxdg
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8713
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6469 :
name : zmazsrfsgn
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2493
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6470 :
name : mexqxzczwh
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8513
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6471 :
name : svcuuvlant
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7511
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6472 :
name : mnylfvkjui
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1924
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6473 :
name : lcuowpjjry
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4260
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6474 :
name : tbwrmboykk
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8178
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6475 :
name : ntphjmysvp
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1726
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6476 :
name : gppciefwer
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2483
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6477 :
name : jhpaqymptk
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9043
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6478 :
name : ckyupgaude
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9207
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6479 :
name : pvmgvdhkuc
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4427
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6480 :
name : ynryhgfhck
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9688
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6481 :
name : bzznfvsoho
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5936
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6482 :
name : vjaohhwoqb
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7506
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6483 :
name : yvmxkuufib
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7523
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6484 :
name : uguwwcgvsw
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1107
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6485 :
name : onkanuwhzf
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3163
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6486 :
name : tllokksqfm
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1468
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6487 :
name : sfiehvzeea
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1152
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6488 :
name : bouoeeayuf
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5263
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6489 :
name : blfjpogqum
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1759
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6490 :
name : lrrfixkiwg
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1926
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6491 :
name : rbmymenuuj
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6744
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6492 :
name : ruzkbhilsg
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3728
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6493 :
name : qfmfdylsth
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 276
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6494 :
name : dmfczgmhug
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1777
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6495 :
name : augmbmlmeg
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9625
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6496 :
name : rwqyargmyc
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6079
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6497 :
name : wlnezrqkdx
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3892
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6498 :
name : jrobrpsyds
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5018
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6499 :
name : ytvnxveohk
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1448
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6500 :
name : cdssejhyjn
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3944
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6501 :
name : tzarnzmtnt
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1842
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6502 :
name : utymlfvvff
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3878
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6503 :
name : cozcfodtjt
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5066
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6504 :
name : qcxrqiwmfd
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 836
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6505 :
name : dozcsesxab
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4001
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6506 :
name : ueatvqcteh
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9186
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6507 :
name : ffdehxlbvl
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1685
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6508 :
name : xsezlbqpvw
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9035
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6509 :
name : ldcpklmvnh
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8452
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6510 :
name : uhfajtcbiz
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8224
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6511 :
name : rhjvwthkqw
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4337
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6512 :
name : dltloceqdm
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2119
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6513 :
name : bffkbdfiox
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 644
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6514 :
name : jxkdiyhmql
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7517
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6515 :
name : oybwlezsmp
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6560
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6516 :
name : wznhcyhjky
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9636
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6517 :
name : dblexyiyqw
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8351
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6518 :
name : gkvttzrake
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9582
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6519 :
name : glwrrtpbuh
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2981
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6520 :
name : mxfjsaimbs
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6524
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6521 :
name : xrutklpbmj
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 3386
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6522 :
name : olzwuswcgx
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 994
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6523 :
name : kxbfslqhpf
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6437
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6524 :
name : taiuwcosgu
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7637
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6525 :
name : cdbfkusbdh
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1646
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6526 :
name : cthmodoeww
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8714
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6527 :
name : fxohezdxcg
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2433
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6528 :
name : kserfuxvyv
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1472
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6529 :
name : waumhbnmar
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3510
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6530 :
name : mlnsfumcpm
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9499
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6531 :
name : lgdfsmiibi
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8504
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6532 :
name : lphyjmuxqk
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9084
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6533 :
name : ykfbszpahq
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3787
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6534 :
name : klbtmmhgjz
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3133
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6535 :
name : lkcqnupcxz
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2063
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6536 :
name : svrvqfhzmq
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2509
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6537 :
name : cxahppdhua
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2251
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6538 :
name : qgykbopkqb
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2013
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6539 :
name : wnazwsozzi
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1900
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6540 :
name : abzalcoamg
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7834
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6541 :
name : ainajjsajt
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2705
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6542 :
name : rmysmlwcoi
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8297
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6543 :
name : xgokiawdah
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1647
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6544 :
name : roisjwdfbt
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5704
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6545 :
name : rlyiwgislk
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3331
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6546 :
name : tkvdeecikd
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9300
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6547 :
name : ficfqynasz
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3430
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6548 :
name : ocyjfdqhnc
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6259
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6549 :
name : ugqwniwbjo
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9988
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6550 :
name : vbiumozcxm
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6123
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6551 :
name : kfscdfkaiv
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4794
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6552 :
name : xvyirlwqnv
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4444
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6553 :
name : tvllxrsjrb
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8646
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6554 :
name : jxfjfwudpk
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9509
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6555 :
name : mbbaoarhkk
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 810
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6556 :
name : dgqkqygmdx
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1204
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6557 :
name : zrqdrfdkmp
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8373
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6558 :
name : zucqgsoper
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9817
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6559 :
name : nhwdkpinzw
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4019
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6560 :
name : onhqfokvfq
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1708
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6561 :
name : bzgzdqpnfq
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9187
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6562 :
name : bwnkosaanf
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7138
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6563 :
name : wnpepuugkb
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7889
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6564 :
name : mndzyttywi
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 136
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6565 :
name : zbrrfglbov
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1560
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6566 :
name : ycmddmywnu
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4750
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6567 :
name : ltbekgkwja
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2197
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6568 :
name : lniaqmookb
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8731
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6569 :
name : whcxlpfxlq
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3253
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6570 :
name : izgqzweqnp
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9569
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6571 :
name : roevmrktpx
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8739
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6572 :
name : xyceqdcvtp
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5330
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6573 :
name : mntsihjvda
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1442
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6574 :
name : twdvctzeos
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6700
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6575 :
name : mbjiturdpw
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8922
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6576 :
name : oqerlglmmb
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8241
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6577 :
name : cdxmlriewx
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1609
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6578 :
name : obouuzchop
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 8902
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6579 :
name : trmtfzmngi
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 202
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6580 :
name : hjyxgtzian
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9519
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6581 :
name : rswelbfxrl
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1601
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6582 :
name : qakqyqlxyo
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9640
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6583 :
name : elnarzbxyu
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2537
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6584 :
name : yxxinxybuz
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5062
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6585 :
name : uukjudkyaj
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7070
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6586 :
name : otrnbglchh
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 27
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6587 :
name : myhyhecsce
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7186
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6588 :
name : lkkcznjmrq
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1420
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6589 :
name : ewwnxgrzav
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4525
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6590 :
name : jilvlmiwza
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2227
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6591 :
name : vjbtxyzozb
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6991
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6592 :
name : hpmukzhsxi
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8490
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6593 :
name : kodlhamjqn
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3985
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6594 :
name : yavlxhmeck
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6147
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6595 :
name : rdfuqpweyn
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7868
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6596 :
name : ylivyfdklh
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 8410
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6597 :
name : voxaknphup
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6133
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6598 :
name : hnlrllwqwh
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9925
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6599 :
name : cxfzappryj
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2426
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6600 :
name : xublmowkeu
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4350
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6601 :
name : gffnghexzd
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9248
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6602 :
name : nfprqbfomk
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7320
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6603 :
name : vgrdtakxxj
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5282
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6604 :
name : mtsckkfqzt
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 684
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6605 :
name : opofsjhcif
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5294
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6606 :
name : cwovyzffrg
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 6171
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6607 :
name : ysdmaxxhag
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9568
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6608 :
name : ogtcbtbibu
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6816
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6609 :
name : gezjqzhqgj
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8712
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6610 :
name : yheujhpnqq
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6395
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6611 :
name : zfqyqjxxzf
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7493
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6612 :
name : dixjegrttj
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9449
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6613 :
name : edlvddgcbf
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7291
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6614 :
name : updtzhzsav
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9615
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6615 :
name : gzutwawccz
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2546
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6616 :
name : gjmlcnsefu
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6236
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6617 :
name : ajdwczwacz
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2372
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6618 :
name : ktmzepmwvs
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2741
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6619 :
name : gbkjyokwoo
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6859
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6620 :
name : frurqyifwd
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5996
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6621 :
name : cjwmuucfsr
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3748
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6622 :
name : jcqdujccoa
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3968
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6623 :
name : kmcgawcdbu
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1339
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6624 :
name : hmxyqrjuvx
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5681
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6625 :
name : eyzggbdieg
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5622
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6626 :
name : cyqzwisfep
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3732
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6627 :
name : gzphfxikhn
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7010
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6628 :
name : tcbmdzuxhz
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1881
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6629 :
name : tmfitmfdzm
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6410
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6630 :
name : cbzdncciaj
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9764
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6631 :
name : fejkoeyvhx
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6166
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6632 :
name : omjprxrwht
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7953
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6633 :
name : dljmvxqwuy
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3351
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6634 :
name : gfcputonpv
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2816
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6635 :
name : qtpzfmyyis
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1640
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6636 :
name : necpvwkkjc
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6932
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6637 :
name : gjdxlkmjiw
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1717
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6638 :
name : xskbjgxusj
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 6324
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6639 :
name : lfeofpzraj
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8859
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6640 :
name : wpchrmpqih
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9157
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6641 :
name : bqmhhrwiky
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5854
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6642 :
name : pgftpwhepp
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4164
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6643 :
name : cyorfvkbdv
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6658
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6644 :
name : jyoqrfpzle
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7599
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6645 :
name : qquehzbsdg
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1747
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6646 :
name : ktkaldfaes
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6353
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6647 :
name : otzkxjlabo
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3626
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6648 :
name : jvvtxizfjd
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 281
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6649 :
name : jgljskudkv
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4024
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6650 :
name : pzamuxutef
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4098
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6651 :
name : phabsslmxw
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1965
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6652 :
name : tpitbctxyx
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5466
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6653 :
name : vpfvszpelp
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3581
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6654 :
name : pmlzhoeaoc
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4124
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6655 :
name : xvkfsdekjs
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1187
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6656 :
name : nzrayzpcbf
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 427
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6657 :
name : rhydosgscp
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8363
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6658 :
name : iqkzskajpe
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 3166
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6659 :
name : kfokjcdrwh
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1840
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6660 :
name : ytekvywxil
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2888
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6661 :
name : otoegzgjrc
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7214
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6662 :
name : bffhragoxo
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 301
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6663 :
name : vyhmcnlkwe
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2839
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6664 :
name : qgcvntxvjw
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6130
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6665 :
name : ltwthygvlf
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5407
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6666 :
name : swkwtaqsvz
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8799
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6667 :
name : izaeskebhp
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7180
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6668 :
name : ywkktfklxi
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4514
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6669 :
name : yjbynwktzr
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2023
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6670 :
name : oahbncgxpg
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7173
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6671 :
name : wymzxzxhuw
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7434
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6672 :
name : qrkasxcbxu
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4523
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6673 :
name : bzfnaeoyoi
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7329
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6674 :
name : yshkscixdh
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2318
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6675 :
name : usqchqgvou
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2548
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6676 :
name : bvjlgcnqbs
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4379
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6677 :
name : vhdljkbrhs
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2414
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6678 :
name : uzfdknhzdi
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1385
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6679 :
name : pswsfhegyl
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4221
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6680 :
name : mzjtfvhoum
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3006
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6681 :
name : eteanjjurh
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 737
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6682 :
name : etzppemysg
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6602
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6683 :
name : ffqjffuozl
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4080
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6684 :
name : dakcrbidza
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 213
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6685 :
name : rjsjuaqooq
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1644
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6686 :
name : pmkzobcweb
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6152
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6687 :
name : cneuwaunql
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8146
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6688 :
name : mtnwvdyxbe
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 915
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6689 :
name : rujwoiylxp
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8528
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6690 :
name : kjdziaciad
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9813
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6691 :
name : ccnoydywov
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4328
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6692 :
name : jgvofdphnr
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6931
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6693 :
name : nvoclmfjlw
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7521
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6694 :
name : uqdqfjvwsj
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 246
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6695 :
name : zwxoajcfsn
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1337
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6696 :
name : lgxoyezucs
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3922
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6697 :
name : bryyfyjifc
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5738
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6698 :
name : ladkrcqqys
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5734
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6699 :
name : lmqjnyhwgp
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9317
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6700 :
name : trvybmasfy
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1170
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6701 :
name : clttvgredz
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1117
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6702 :
name : bmezlfnnzs
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1157
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6703 :
name : ruxknurgbw
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 590
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6704 :
name : oncsmpazdb
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4684
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6705 :
name : dzedjrxazy
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 970
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6706 :
name : jqfnjtdjug
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5458
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6707 :
name : hfxmkhfkjf
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1848
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6708 :
name : dockelfhwc
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 193
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6709 :
name : rvuqhfxppj
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8228
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6710 :
name : dnvfxztfgp
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6807
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6711 :
name : nsfilopide
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1076
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6712 :
name : irygzxfscm
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8966
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6713 :
name : tzdyjomyzs
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7374
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6714 :
name : esyeyxcgre
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2409
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6715 :
name : bwogwyxlyy
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4585
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6716 :
name : zffalgznmt
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2839
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6717 :
name : lniztezqpa
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5632
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6718 :
name : qkcxmndmdr
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7348
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6719 :
name : joyrnrxpkp
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9714
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6720 :
name : gmwijiypwd
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6861
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6721 :
name : nrwlimchdo
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7060
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6722 :
name : coayzljzah
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9460
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6723 :
name : vriucqggxj
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6412
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6724 :
name : rqstrtecsh
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1333
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6725 :
name : hyrpsthacg
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9815
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6726 :
name : ihfbcwwiap
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2776
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6727 :
name : kombfexogz
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7551
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6728 :
name : piqulsthbt
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 966
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6729 :
name : wuoivupuiv
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1720
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6730 :
name : ukplfcfaji
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2942
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6731 :
name : bbmpjjlyew
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3088
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6732 :
name : kfhzsobyqn
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2222
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6733 :
name : pksdcbmpcs
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5147
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6734 :
name : rboabhpehh
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5968
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6735 :
name : kfncipgxhi
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5021
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6736 :
name : ralhboqsuz
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4858
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6737 :
name : sfmhkwzqvg
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2905
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6738 :
name : kbxxianbuh
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6708
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6739 :
name : elystiquym
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7846
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6740 :
name : vmlulvuywq
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 3569
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6741 :
name : cleafzkwtk
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8789
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6742 :
name : sekdbvbxwx
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1453
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6743 :
name : pczvfeurap
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3853
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6744 :
name : hfcrkdplal
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4454
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6745 :
name : cytbvairri
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3642
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6746 :
name : qanstzxiny
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3875
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6747 :
name : dniyqdyyvr
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6976
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6748 :
name : vwykrrjoaw
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2185
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6749 :
name : egtogltgko
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 3937
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6750 :
name : qhzorsfdhh
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1784
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6751 :
name : hcicsonluz
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4323
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6752 :
name : xmozchrjka
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9739
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6753 :
name : yfmhhgvwrs
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6689
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6754 :
name : qufgthomty
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5461
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6755 :
name : unniwwossi
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1744
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6756 :
name : vohcvcklqf
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9196
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6757 :
name : bqgqbemrwe
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5806
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6758 :
name : mcxteuxqhn
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8492
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6759 :
name : nrfvhiatzy
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4614
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6760 :
name : rlkqgomdft
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5467
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6761 :
name : adkhaspanr
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9007
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6762 :
name : cdzowfeikl
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8609
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6763 :
name : jqxtaynpad
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1821
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6764 :
name : hgtiwrqbbc
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4006
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6765 :
name : clobhobufc
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9564
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6766 :
name : vbbqlzhbak
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9387
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6767 :
name : nrdbtkruex
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7986
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6768 :
name : hbbkrmkaqm
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 642
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6769 :
name : rqbwrwglsm
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5295
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6770 :
name : sgwttpgfpw
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2593
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6771 :
name : dmugincqyv
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5321
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6772 :
name : jpqhjlwrqn
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6261
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6773 :
name : umqqvaexqe
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 6878
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6774 :
name : wrjoauzylr
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1082
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6775 :
name : fycwpxwvup
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8177
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6776 :
name : enrnbtidsv
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5953
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6777 :
name : ndipbzmzuj
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9831
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6778 :
name : zexssamcfe
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3336
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6779 :
name : tnedchepha
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6860
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6780 :
name : fzecuwdiai
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2635
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6781 :
name : msmsxpabgj
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6945
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6782 :
name : eehjhdhmlk
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4279
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6783 :
name : jxrwrrntut
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9454
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6784 :
name : hrbqckumyf
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5282
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6785 :
name : erhxpyocuj
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8072
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6786 :
name : ehbhydssps
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5066
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6787 :
name : xklgicfwfb
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 288
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6788 :
name : jukkcinwcf
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7469
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6789 :
name : mfvzmfbtdg
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3114
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6790 :
name : ocwamylcwn
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5122
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6791 :
name : elabkmgmfl
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1709
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6792 :
name : yvzuwnuhpq
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7151
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6793 :
name : xulxvwjdiq
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9562
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6794 :
name : nlfofbczkt
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3729
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6795 :
name : sqtdnqbytj
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6667
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6796 :
name : azjhnqjrrv
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2563
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6797 :
name : zzuuckkekf
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1894
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6798 :
name : nflznbpysj
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8638
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6799 :
name : vzlsuoeeuo
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2562
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6800 :
name : gqyrrnujnn
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4185
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6801 :
name : hhisbcifjc
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5557
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6802 :
name : fvodoitjrg
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2868
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6803 :
name : yzdhuglcnu
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8034
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6804 :
name : navefjmysd
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1977
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6805 :
name : kvmqegwpjk
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2568
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6806 :
name : vrlqxqblpw
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5127
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6807 :
name : bqpogvwdlh
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6700
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6808 :
name : ifttxskydz
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5344
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6809 :
name : pkqhaycxbp
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6991
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6810 :
name : rmhmgghqfm
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2639
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6811 :
name : hfxzozytyb
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8193
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6812 :
name : wsvggdmpvt
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6230
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6813 :
name : htkgtygtrg
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5828
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6814 :
name : unxsvdvjtr
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7170
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6815 :
name : ihcuoxuwqm
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2917
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6816 :
name : tksqenvaxq
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1744
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6817 :
name : wgjzczwxxp
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2421
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6818 :
name : fweyojnjlk
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8353
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6819 :
name : qojcplbnib
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8508
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6820 :
name : xmsdmgozsz
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6360
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6821 :
name : erbpvqawel
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3291
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6822 :
name : dbdxhpgvoy
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8449
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6823 :
name : fewjtrzwpf
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9755
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6824 :
name : fsxiqezwzp
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6631
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6825 :
name : xxdtgzmivb
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2565
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6826 :
name : mkojugpveq
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 204
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6827 :
name : mcrpxyqjil
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4268
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6828 :
name : ntpbckjthn
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2278
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6829 :
name : jkdaccasni
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1635
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6830 :
name : lmyapcmaxu
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2307
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6831 :
name : qnrtovyqol
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5624
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6832 :
name : ssmsudwhet
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2995
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6833 :
name : jjnafdwdum
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9351
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6834 :
name : hwwtpqznxd
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5261
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6835 :
name : yudmwirull
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5923
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6836 :
name : iacevtxwhu
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6452
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6837 :
name : ryzumxfess
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1399
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6838 :
name : agvdnsykph
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4946
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6839 :
name : ewpfrbdyfv
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1258
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6840 :
name : ondjsscrer
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4120
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6841 :
name : yenpkgqney
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1192
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6842 :
name : uuxxfpshiw
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 172
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6843 :
name : yipnxbtpqz
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8834
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6844 :
name : dgccghtyrc
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 86
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6845 :
name : yelprktmcj
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4623
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6846 :
name : ujownufhuw
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 555
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6847 :
name : tybfpspiet
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 938
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6848 :
name : tajhywefda
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 546
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6849 :
name : onopuejmop
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 501
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6850 :
name : elqntqjzyp
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4004
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6851 :
name : whnmxisiuh
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3220
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6852 :
name : gmfwzaplzn
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4414
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6853 :
name : pfdeucmmli
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5899
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6854 :
name : gpelnfoesp
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9961
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6855 :
name : mblqghssuf
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 553
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6856 :
name : kvrqifxwlq
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9241
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6857 :
name : srrgjzndrj
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 912
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6858 :
name : bnitfradpl
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4765
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6859 :
name : iczbkkaxnt
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6633
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6860 :
name : dlpoevheaw
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2453
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6861 :
name : iskjtuvvsi
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5036
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6862 :
name : jmyyadvjjv
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4605
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6863 :
name : bseldagyva
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5542
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6864 :
name : saiqbktwud
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7351
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6865 :
name : qpgxdlxjlu
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 8876
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6866 :
name : cilkymvulr
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4112
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6867 :
name : jynrvqcubn
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8159
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6868 :
name : rymfkmthie
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 256
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6869 :
name : hgnuxkkzel
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9196
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6870 :
name : fqqtvcfpko
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4048
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6871 :
name : moobiolspr
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6929
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6872 :
name : entwgpylgk
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6684
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6873 :
name : fnwvpejcyz
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4852
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6874 :
name : ioabkisiua
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7233
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6875 :
name : mxolufrghq
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5866
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6876 :
name : nwdnzpysys
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1256
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6877 :
name : slkgwglnou
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 629
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6878 :
name : pshthhifbi
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6352
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6879 :
name : qjhapfjcsx
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4736
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6880 :
name : gmxohexrma
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6244
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6881 :
name : typcyehjia
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6369
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6882 :
name : hipgywkxqy
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7461
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6883 :
name : qszgvymehv
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4147
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6884 :
name : bpdtvdridh
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4592
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6885 :
name : fjweptebxo
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6637
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6886 :
name : zceevzhmhm
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2258
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6887 :
name : setqjkjnoj
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4356
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6888 :
name : bjnfnkhwwq
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 391
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6889 :
name : tsymljzuzp
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 140
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6890 :
name : owvddinkhk
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1629
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6891 :
name : yckzrviqsj
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7797
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6892 :
name : yxquateqgl
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 8004
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6893 :
name : thvgiodsgx
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4182
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6894 :
name : rosjkveplk
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3242
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6895 :
name : obelhmznff
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3905
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6896 :
name : ncninyfsps
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9408
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6897 :
name : cqzhbgvava
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2442
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6898 :
name : imwywlwbdl
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6075
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6899 :
name : afcbmdhhff
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 552
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6900 :
name : igxgewsczx
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 6308
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6901 :
name : vtaxuoceyh
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9440
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6902 :
name : eileppahrz
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1297
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6903 :
name : sjvujsllyj
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 756
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6904 :
name : wrtivizxpt
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4880
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6905 :
name : dptbjcvuqt
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4755
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6906 :
name : rvokdlteki
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5655
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6907 :
name : ocvkdgoyde
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3684
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6908 :
name : nqcdbhrwld
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8341
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6909 :
name : ubmrnsyeqb
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3564
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6910 :
name : spguujdlfr
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7419
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6911 :
name : macarrsrvl
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9514
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6912 :
name : mwxstrbyfi
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7857
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6913 :
name : ufdwixoaol
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7098
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6914 :
name : bzjytesxdz
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7254
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6915 :
name : yyvcwdzmep
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6033
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6916 :
name : jthvtcbnzg
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4202
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6917 :
name : rkkmmhqntw
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7026
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6918 :
name : vmicjbfnrg
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2012
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6919 :
name : anzkantscp
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8693
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6920 :
name : xzwfdhjkua
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5348
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6921 :
name : ukavxcisum
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7136
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6922 :
name : cpoaxskgeg
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 513
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6923 :
name : jiuldtpmmj
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4188
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6924 :
name : gyfvycpkiv
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7292
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6925 :
name : fyjblnvabj
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 841
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6926 :
name : sntxitzzej
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7334
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6927 :
name : cynmcybxzc
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1438
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6928 :
name : yectbmncnt
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2583
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6929 :
name : epdtdfseet
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8936
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6930 :
name : uobyhfmwjz
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5144
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6931 :
name : qqcvjfddlh
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8749
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6932 :
name : twxwxedjdn
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4481
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6933 :
name : xqyaljhqnv
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9173
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6934 :
name : bpkylhfpqi
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1821
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6935 :
name : mnrmpdwxtj
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4683
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6936 :
name : imesmsbrjr
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1860
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6937 :
name : wwsqjivhfq
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1935
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6938 :
name : bwzgooaphj
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6547
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6939 :
name : dervucdplk
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6298
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6940 :
name : btoabfqduy
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 870
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6941 :
name : grsxnmcsen
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9204
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6942 :
name : jtxzwbeoeb
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5761
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6943 :
name : udzmdoafie
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 101
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6944 :
name : uyduybvcqb
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6881
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6945 :
name : gihhwkxwrf
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6116
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6946 :
name : foakkymhcc
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5893
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6947 :
name : ipeqwcctaw
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3693
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6948 :
name : lcnlnxlbeo
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5089
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6949 :
name : uumamicodc
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1601
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6950 :
name : figstvrfyx
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9898
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6951 :
name : jngxnsgrjl
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5496
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6952 :
name : tgabavyrcw
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1108
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6953 :
name : lnfskumslv
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1622
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6954 :
name : nopnrrkpjp
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3195
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6955 :
name : hyqosbjetw
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9610
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6956 :
name : mkjdzdujud
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 568
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6957 :
name : iwuzkoavtv
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5514
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6958 :
name : qjebmdejmz
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6804
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6959 :
name : fcacbmqdil
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4399
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6960 :
name : cllgnzjriy
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7244
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6961 :
name : rhsrjvfbyp
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2460
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6962 :
name : tyiegxdsqo
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9094
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6963 :
name : dytwretwgs
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5622
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6964 :
name : pyqxexukrn
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7309
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6965 :
name : iooemfigdq
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1562
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6966 :
name : eivuiatemk
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1694
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6967 :
name : lylbcyimgm
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 900
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6968 :
name : ywlurtwmyi
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8247
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6969 :
name : tifeljeuvm
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1235
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6970 :
name : vkrhgiacxa
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1063
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6971 :
name : xdaejmnoik
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 822
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6972 :
name : iqjzzrkath
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8432
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6973 :
name : vruyvemkuu
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2051
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6974 :
name : lsmvtlofnk
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9050
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6975 :
name : lpahnxnbij
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5235
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6976 :
name : dqhpncdciq
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3995
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6977 :
name : rsftauqpva
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 346
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6978 :
name : ukpdcfghjq
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 535
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6979 :
name : czxjszdiqy
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5403
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6980 :
name : pnlhsnmawx
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6279
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6981 :
name : ajcztuawfr
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4515
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6982 :
name : hfxsmqhysf
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1867
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6983 :
name : etzgtsdtpk
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 701
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6984 :
name : mcikwucfuu
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5238
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6985 :
name : vqgxzzpcug
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8663
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6986 :
name : yceiocfshz
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6844
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6987 :
name : fuunrvmgzj
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7131
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6988 :
name : ulhauyczsj
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9093
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6989 :
name : hdadqryfzx
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6275
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6990 :
name : palzahzcgr
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5024
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 6991 :
name : jahjeacefb
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9545
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6992 :
name : ugbhfdpehx
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9707
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6993 :
name : njpwutyyad
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 615
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6994 :
name : zqycxdfojo
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5013
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6995 :
name : zjvpipkgqk
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3399
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6996 :
name : hmefoblwsu
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4800
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6997 :
name : pwmknwbyer
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8534
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6998 :
name : xgpblffwbx
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3280
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 6999 :
name : fnjtzxrdxw
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4585
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7000 :
name : pfmejakown
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4326
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7001 :
name : qzdcvfbmiy
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 110
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7002 :
name : mosavbahrz
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5267
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7003 :
name : gqzmswrtlb
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9824
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7004 :
name : snjmpgpqng
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5231
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7005 :
name : ooapcuovqz
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9641
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7006 :
name : rvzahpgwfv
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2769
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7007 :
name : oktqcvkqqa
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8037
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7008 :
name : wclwevlmts
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7599
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7009 :
name : tcfnsjiczb
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2228
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7010 :
name : fngtjmowzh
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5866
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7011 :
name : eaylnsuxvv
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3010
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7012 :
name : qvgyoslcom
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8537
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7013 :
name : tbltoymkyj
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6970
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7014 :
name : glkmjygwdx
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5521
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7015 :
name : naqzvgzhrx
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9493
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7016 :
name : ojeyynzgkc
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 904
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7017 :
name : jvdbwziviz
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4654
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7018 :
name : sjqwiomjuw
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6347
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7019 :
name : wrcbtaabwl
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7449
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7020 :
name : swzisjwest
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1044
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7021 :
name : atffuafxdd
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 189
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7022 :
name : oogoxzxvfq
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7694
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7023 :
name : lmastwsyvv
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9039
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7024 :
name : mrsvhpwemb
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1170
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7025 :
name : uhcwzvttwq
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2627
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7026 :
name : xgxpbggxnv
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3071
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7027 :
name : qjotfpqaim
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6815
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7028 :
name : vmbueebmeq
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8760
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7029 :
name : jygxtmpjox
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2273
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7030 :
name : ulhxglcjxi
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2354
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7031 :
name : mlqtljhavv
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9222
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7032 :
name : vuverbrvmr
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8045
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7033 :
name : qjbheoslon
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7621
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7034 :
name : shlnncqfac
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1092
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7035 :
name : gmnjttzmgn
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9376
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7036 :
name : uejftwjlbj
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2890
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7037 :
name : vogkybdxpl
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3168
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7038 :
name : zmlkrehapi
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9601
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7039 :
name : daalmanrac
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 690
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7040 :
name : adtlnmrwmi
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9747
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7041 :
name : cufdgrfvif
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1837
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7042 :
name : bxrwlgiedx
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1392
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7043 :
name : divkndesym
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5664
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7044 :
name : naugwhohor
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5772
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7045 :
name : eisavhdzce
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1641
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7046 :
name : zbavjzdyit
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1783
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7047 :
name : gbebdzijym
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7921
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7048 :
name : rsdtnnssnc
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1333
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7049 :
name : msfqvkpftp
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9589
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7050 :
name : ebtivhxpbm
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4029
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7051 :
name : ywsfoppfvj
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9706
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7052 :
name : tdzmnuvmlz
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4509
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7053 :
name : ormjwbylgt
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8621
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7054 :
name : iljjzxfvjq
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 977
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7055 :
name : kauyjqzkbi
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7268
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7056 :
name : rydahczmzl
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 332
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7057 :
name : ykisjrikdl
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9998
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7058 :
name : dyxibglask
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9371
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7059 :
name : pghxysrifu
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8240
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7060 :
name : cphbxihilb
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 343
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7061 :
name : xungsozlwe
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4368
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7062 :
name : mptwrqgabr
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3939
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7063 :
name : xbxmhpaicx
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3338
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7064 :
name : ximqefjlik
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3387
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7065 :
name : ltpkgycghe
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8433
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7066 :
name : lwyapehyrr
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6366
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7067 :
name : rfoipuhrcq
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9810
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7068 :
name : bchbcwhluz
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7162
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7069 :
name : paffkxztqe
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2479
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7070 :
name : byfibjhiwd
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2413
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7071 :
name : iwmqbwndsf
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7435
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7072 :
name : zawgixprin
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4356
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7073 :
name : bpunfxjucb
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6376
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7074 :
name : dvmcbxbsoj
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1070
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7075 :
name : zzivmpuykz
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6691
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7076 :
name : xmfloiircx
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7347
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7077 :
name : bdjjayywyk
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4367
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7078 :
name : ifwpqmzbdd
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 52
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7079 :
name : zlpkupkvmi
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9559
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7080 :
name : uqwsipghqj
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5695
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7081 :
name : cdmupiladx
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9238
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7082 :
name : ysnxkvmqfe
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3343
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7083 :
name : wyzisoteqy
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1936
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7084 :
name : inswketyva
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9893
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7085 :
name : owvnhqeauu
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7008
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7086 :
name : vubpqntmnq
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9260
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7087 :
name : mvpilwypyu
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3966
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7088 :
name : jefmtybmmo
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9242
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7089 :
name : ahdqroorfp
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2993
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7090 :
name : bsbggwgijs
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6118
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7091 :
name : yirbakrpbw
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1950
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7092 :
name : kvrodxkmhv
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3090
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7093 :
name : uywnzxarob
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8719
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7094 :
name : rppidshpgp
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9864
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7095 :
name : lskjgkigdy
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5695
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7096 :
name : muodcrwkie
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1358
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7097 :
name : clkmusyfad
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1269
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7098 :
name : xoilsmeqwm
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5119
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7099 :
name : cqimcffdkf
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8526
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7100 :
name : ffepqybwoa
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7896
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7101 :
name : zvmhjrmoww
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1513
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7102 :
name : buqhljfpfv
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4845
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7103 :
name : cpipzsilie
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9531
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7104 :
name : vzqojczore
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7248
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7105 :
name : iusrlrltet
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4777
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7106 :
name : ufomvxounh
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9082
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7107 :
name : ukkmbvdmrh
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9593
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7108 :
name : kciaofxfcl
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1583
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7109 :
name : ccpmotjthc
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3928
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7110 :
name : xndfnunnzr
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1457
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7111 :
name : dmbsarnmkx
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3315
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7112 :
name : ohcroqlddm
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8399
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7113 :
name : dtehoeadsn
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8341
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7114 :
name : rhbuysmmvp
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9831
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7115 :
name : jmenvuuvxm
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2896
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7116 :
name : qeatyankol
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4412
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7117 :
name : ngjruenocn
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1914
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7118 :
name : isdildibpx
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7273
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7119 :
name : lctxwpdlff
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5199
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7120 :
name : rxcuhpxsqm
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7207
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7121 :
name : tsymrwevhj
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7924
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7122 :
name : djvfdevcwn
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3445
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7123 :
name : lnnlcehgzr
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6584
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7124 :
name : yogvwlatow
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7205
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7125 :
name : emqtxuyhcz
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3800
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7126 :
name : yzvevtrxmf
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6313
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7127 :
name : pmhhfhcdoe
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3841
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7128 :
name : hiofmjyegn
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1107
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7129 :
name : fovpwbwagm
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2211
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7130 :
name : roefvtrwzz
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7358
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7131 :
name : naaipyjnyq
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1688
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7132 :
name : zuceayxtuw
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7543
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7133 :
name : ujaxrqvddw
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4584
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7134 :
name : pydrefrdyn
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2525
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7135 :
name : ugxvfrlcuq
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2362
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7136 :
name : esnjmrodwm
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7809
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7137 :
name : tgrqdyhqab
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7813
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7138 :
name : gixtrjnfoj
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8328
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7139 :
name : sqbjhgjqwj
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6929
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7140 :
name : ruqqojbbqr
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5272
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7141 :
name : unzxyidhbz
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3812
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7142 :
name : mwecouopvg
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8737
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7143 :
name : bcqcbpnewo
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 340
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7144 :
name : wutaziwnzr
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8976
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7145 :
name : gqwwtxnibm
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8376
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7146 :
name : yhjuikegzd
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5901
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7147 :
name : ihbffweteg
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6205
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7148 :
name : fjsrdcbhjb
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7133
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7149 :
name : ilvjsafwvj
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3498
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7150 :
name : aayvrbxvki
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7846
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7151 :
name : hemcqgfvea
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1586
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7152 :
name : sviqqctpxd
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5554
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7153 :
name : cdxohnwmlb
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4299
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7154 :
name : uolcgbeztd
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8443
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7155 :
name : tivtydgvpt
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4680
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7156 :
name : cgmpistptm
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2800
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7157 :
name : zolvhjyqgn
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9863
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7158 :
name : sbwhqhzjyt
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6643
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7159 :
name : vgcibjubza
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 450
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7160 :
name : xdlwkdflpd
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1252
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7161 :
name : lwbnfeybfa
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6620
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7162 :
name : vinigzllkc
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3698
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7163 :
name : kwqnlxrkyw
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4106
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7164 :
name : buyqeeprrc
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4784
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7165 :
name : pxtfkfdbrd
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5430
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7166 :
name : wwyumcbcts
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2015
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7167 :
name : vqxoxhvcim
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4702
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7168 :
name : vlwtiivlmr
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6291
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7169 :
name : hcletlmonu
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4839
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7170 :
name : csyalgkjtx
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9942
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7171 :
name : lnjyscjesz
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 3921
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7172 :
name : fgmeizmtig
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4742
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7173 :
name : lueuvwwgcr
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5411
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7174 :
name : ifqwlywarg
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2366
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7175 :
name : iapmvmlttp
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8609
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7176 :
name : chgsgtqctk
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 712
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7177 :
name : qjtiyquljn
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3039
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7178 :
name : oxeurmqjol
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7468
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7179 :
name : hjmcrksoxe
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5525
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7180 :
name : xgtdckqsug
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6242
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7181 :
name : icuuflexzb
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3157
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7182 :
name : vacogfbyzx
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2835
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7183 :
name : zsbtoggsdg
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6220
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7184 :
name : hunmlvtmts
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4265
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7185 :
name : uydvrrdalh
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9661
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7186 :
name : ccarqnmjzf
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9950
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7187 :
name : oumssgjvgv
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6308
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7188 :
name : lzlmqebfnb
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4966
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7189 :
name : bgooyiwjfc
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6451
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7190 :
name : zvjmjcqlhg
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 3360
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7191 :
name : rhrhxrptau
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9355
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7192 :
name : pooyaaatlj
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1796
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7193 :
name : orlhaiypba
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5516
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7194 :
name : chbtictkxe
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7438
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7195 :
name : jnuxuuhukl
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6098
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7196 :
name : xiwybecwob
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3336
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7197 :
name : atuuqqqxma
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5259
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7198 :
name : ltbhrflwbz
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2141
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7199 :
name : rbeoxwgnwt
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8425
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7200 :
name : xxtyendpjh
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1754
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7201 :
name : wuidkfbrvx
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1117
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7202 :
name : eptynzntpw
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2829
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7203 :
name : ojhyosgqlb
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2279
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7204 :
name : jyeeytelmv
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9084
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7205 :
name : qfjzeztmpe
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9222
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7206 :
name : umyarwuxjg
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3150
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7207 :
name : uppdqvfkju
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2318
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7208 :
name : asmytfxncg
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9014
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7209 :
name : lnmcscaxoj
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3943
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7210 :
name : jvxxwqctfg
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5325
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7211 :
name : zpglszouwe
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1094
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7212 :
name : qzhowdgbym
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4600
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7213 :
name : klutxouniq
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 172
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7214 :
name : vvcelykuzk
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4499
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7215 :
name : rjilchbwwj
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4925
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7216 :
name : bxsdbeenaf
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 207
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7217 :
name : nbqwotfprc
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8871
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7218 :
name : pcfhijnmwn
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2886
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7219 :
name : cvittxobof
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 723
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7220 :
name : yougveplqn
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4463
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7221 :
name : papztjyjkn
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 711
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7222 :
name : wfesnbxcmp
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4104
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7223 :
name : trljqhupqg
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 8992
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7224 :
name : ngwrajsxof
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3899
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7225 :
name : fizqtrxniq
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1654
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7226 :
name : ofekwhvogj
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1824
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7227 :
name : zwsannsmaa
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2506
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7228 :
name : nqsucqbxeh
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5592
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7229 :
name : ncqhefuwtw
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8070
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7230 :
name : edsyzuoatu
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9877
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7231 :
name : sajijnpdmi
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2995
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7232 :
name : iyiawiwkkq
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3445
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7233 :
name : bxhkhsawxm
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2518
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7234 :
name : evooymyuyj
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5582
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7235 :
name : nihwvopvmm
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 740
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7236 :
name : doduedgfzf
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8985
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7237 :
name : uifdfatuvf
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9154
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7238 :
name : fzgitllzqm
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2241
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7239 :
name : tmmzrrbklz
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 3056
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7240 :
name : wuocejprih
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5214
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7241 :
name : rxwdynwayj
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6383
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7242 :
name : tcajfgswxd
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4095
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7243 :
name : bkgxphnnjn
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4669
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7244 :
name : lwvnicucyt
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1259
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7245 :
name : fdimcytrnc
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1529
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7246 :
name : ewjzjtbfwa
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5211
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7247 :
name : afkjtojmgw
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3425
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7248 :
name : vkthkdaniy
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3893
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7249 :
name : juovdhlmvt
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2085
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7250 :
name : fndzuneudo
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 721
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7251 :
name : jihzfkgqxd
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4741
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7252 :
name : jxomwiccff
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 748
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7253 :
name : kcjtbodjec
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7017
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7254 :
name : kngyzejbho
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4125
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7255 :
name : rsvalwqqhu
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9680
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7256 :
name : vpkdqlizpr
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2518
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7257 :
name : mwxjykfobm
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 210
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7258 :
name : evpqyfbieq
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5377
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7259 :
name : viyvryfymg
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7461
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7260 :
name : czrtprytae
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4310
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7261 :
name : bxgbsyzzwn
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1774
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7262 :
name : joeahvuhou
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6834
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7263 :
name : xpceqwerwc
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9978
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7264 :
name : sdhyeqtaak
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6257
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7265 :
name : rrrwvkubdq
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8785
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7266 :
name : rnhylnogno
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6761
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7267 :
name : gauxwrjqun
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7286
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7268 :
name : fyfmyscpbr
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5712
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7269 :
name : epcapytaqn
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4131
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7270 :
name : ftjkiifkxg
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1960
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7271 :
name : dkffkuffvw
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6868
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7272 :
name : gkwqweydqx
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9094
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7273 :
name : pqjvwvrbbo
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9718
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7274 :
name : edmatlhtoz
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1422
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7275 :
name : uldfgzcadd
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6040
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7276 :
name : bvdqwydfur
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7318
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7277 :
name : gwwmdcnfeq
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5330
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7278 :
name : upgzfeaklw
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 191
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7279 :
name : vgrrsuvfca
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7682
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7280 :
name : fpqnryttig
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7169
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7281 :
name : rwsjnkfjrh
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4735
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7282 :
name : xncqbtowmy
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 518
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7283 :
name : zubtfqflbw
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8591
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7284 :
name : yoiaejvuhj
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2611
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7285 :
name : tjmwctmheq
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4913
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7286 :
name : xugfwlqsfz
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7955
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7287 :
name : dlrphvjvep
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9217
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7288 :
name : ipzrwwcoqj
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7281
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7289 :
name : ufwowflfbq
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8473
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7290 :
name : fyvfprbtft
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4089
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7291 :
name : aldybcemhh
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1010
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7292 :
name : ckuzrltuea
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2360
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7293 :
name : udmzcpbibl
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3922
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7294 :
name : nqwjspulja
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5076
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7295 :
name : mddaehpgps
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1525
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7296 :
name : nallldbiqk
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6892
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7297 :
name : jjomjsuyal
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9019
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7298 :
name : ngiastgtdw
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2807
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7299 :
name : jxxzmgsghs
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3049
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7300 :
name : uaceduzlnd
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1834
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7301 :
name : gtedvqmpyv
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3072
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7302 :
name : qtisxnozyd
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8543
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7303 :
name : ffnjjkcxza
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7449
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7304 :
name : chbkczxqyx
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8543
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7305 :
name : yxgnirxkow
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2835
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7306 :
name : mjhovjpubp
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9290
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7307 :
name : uyqcnzuklk
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4148
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7308 :
name : ubpbrnmghq
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5548
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7309 :
name : hkxxmmwgwk
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7709
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7310 :
name : oivgmmtauc
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 732
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7311 :
name : cnrbkenjkj
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5434
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7312 :
name : msehaqwtss
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2957
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7313 :
name : pdehfqnsbz
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2654
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7314 :
name : yhsersupnp
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5381
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7315 :
name : pjpvsulfon
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9304
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7316 :
name : jkzbostlhi
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 154
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7317 :
name : errvmjpzqg
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8001
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7318 :
name : sfssjjmcwu
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6362
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7319 :
name : tmrlidwzcn
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 6153
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7320 :
name : saunudwhis
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6595
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7321 :
name : qhrhszmrzo
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3570
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7322 :
name : wiprxlwtsg
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2640
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7323 :
name : ivraclbocc
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 78
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7324 :
name : xjjocgaycu
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6221
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7325 :
name : bvquvtgwjk
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 56
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7326 :
name : tjmeyqnaqp
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4503
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7327 :
name : bqfskcnsyy
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5962
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7328 :
name : sttgatwnvm
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7029
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7329 :
name : woubigdvzd
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2472
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7330 :
name : ocxjizeeoz
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3054
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7331 :
name : xbvtedbjaa
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2189
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7332 :
name : kiikttjazy
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3375
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7333 :
name : ztawoezqpb
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2384
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7334 :
name : hjfrvbkfdk
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 977
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7335 :
name : czuevjlxza
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4771
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7336 :
name : cgcjyzkkep
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5589
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7337 :
name : vdkphhasez
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1120
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7338 :
name : nbppnprzzv
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1942
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7339 :
name : ueaevhnwcu
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8282
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7340 :
name : jgayxnpomr
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4558
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7341 :
name : kpsmvqtimx
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2651
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7342 :
name : rpmtpjgfau
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8431
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7343 :
name : kxydjttedh
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3211
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7344 :
name : yremkwyqby
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7667
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7345 :
name : vvltaumvap
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7750
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7346 :
name : nxutkfpixs
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8430
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7347 :
name : fptqivmwrp
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4686
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7348 :
name : yasvvcclmb
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3915
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7349 :
name : lcfevpajnt
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3729
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7350 :
name : hurzrndtyp
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 644
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7351 :
name : dwfidazflo
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5971
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7352 :
name : gvcxwukzpk
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1279
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7353 :
name : oguvqxxrcj
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 820
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7354 :
name : dckhbgdoit
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4710
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7355 :
name : ddkxybwwsa
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3885
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7356 :
name : qhacqblupt
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9188
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7357 :
name : xzhiygjucd
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1016
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7358 :
name : zpwztmdeis
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9467
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7359 :
name : nsvucwcnse
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6398
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7360 :
name : eweavypaex
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4086
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7361 :
name : rsvopakrnd
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4917
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7362 :
name : huzmuwmjxs
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7043
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7363 :
name : bzsznhbayo
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4972
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7364 :
name : cegbqczcow
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 8627
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7365 :
name : qzeiyrrbrp
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1023
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7366 :
name : aqaitqktva
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3398
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7367 :
name : caqgkqadrt
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2029
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7368 :
name : lkqlsjefeb
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2632
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7369 :
name : mjkdqutsxl
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1541
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7370 :
name : trmlchviob
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 982
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7371 :
name : hvkracnvwm
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 477
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7372 :
name : kaewlifirt
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9546
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7373 :
name : rtkdmmhchd
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6152
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7374 :
name : agwefimkqf
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9129
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7375 :
name : zojlsxxzbg
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6617
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7376 :
name : vuxtaebmou
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8847
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7377 :
name : ohixscxrby
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3915
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7378 :
name : htwgmwkqly
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2054
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7379 :
name : qzuyyoavhe
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8365
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7380 :
name : ptvnzkklav
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2639
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7381 :
name : pzxlywbati
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4003
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7382 :
name : tkxqxzahkc
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 27
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7383 :
name : nvhkifijfc
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5788
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7384 :
name : vdrttouuye
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9556
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7385 :
name : kcgrmpyxag
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7179
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7386 :
name : bmjsheibyg
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4414
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7387 :
name : uzoaqcprzs
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7253
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7388 :
name : wsffkmlupk
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8174
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7389 :
name : ximliepavp
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8164
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7390 :
name : gednlpbwks
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6844
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7391 :
name : gsjudtyvvw
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9117
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7392 :
name : cidfvqvzph
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9629
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7393 :
name : xqlikrdloz
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9661
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7394 :
name : objrhhkegz
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6677
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7395 :
name : viajsnavao
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5145
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7396 :
name : pxkbqtkczs
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7418
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7397 :
name : bxfcizriur
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5917
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7398 :
name : igbujrntum
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5993
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7399 :
name : xgbekjdbua
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6740
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7400 :
name : terwbanqvj
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 474
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7401 :
name : mdunjeznft
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5424
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7402 :
name : abctxftmvq
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7695
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7403 :
name : ntjhjumiht
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5924
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7404 :
name : svhwoebktx
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8414
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7405 :
name : dotovcjjms
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2850
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7406 :
name : xuffrvlufe
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8388
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7407 :
name : tyzppwtagg
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6868
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7408 :
name : hjhoqambxr
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8584
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7409 :
name : kxklmzifzq
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3292
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7410 :
name : quszliaxjz
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 8850
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7411 :
name : dcsnqgmynn
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1645
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7412 :
name : phihgvpisb
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8135
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7413 :
name : nehhrxnfvb
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5975
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7414 :
name : sqlczuyreq
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7948
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7415 :
name : gctojklzrh
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2031
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7416 :
name : xwdiydeyuj
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5108
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7417 :
name : mbehpqrapi
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5172
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7418 :
name : edvinvnsuh
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2198
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7419 :
name : zmggtxwmyn
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4465
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7420 :
name : dxsyhgvuap
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5767
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7421 :
name : iapqgkoeyo
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8738
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7422 :
name : pcmjcupxqr
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9829
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7423 :
name : xbumscyigy
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 771
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7424 :
name : lmcaweulem
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6279
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7425 :
name : bxoxjgakog
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8323
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7426 :
name : guwjusnqft
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9133
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7427 :
name : bmhpmsxmen
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1300
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7428 :
name : kjugsryhjg
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5967
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7429 :
name : cqmjhyeemi
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2138
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7430 :
name : bfuylmpmua
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9060
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7431 :
name : npfbamcetq
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5940
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7432 :
name : lsohqbuhpq
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1714
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7433 :
name : zlngpntruo
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1573
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7434 :
name : jwvzdnbxus
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7209
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7435 :
name : aeopkdcfuy
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7782
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7436 :
name : lhkijowmnq
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5155
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7437 :
name : xknlzaoefk
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8000
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7438 :
name : gziqhrgddw
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6366
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7439 :
name : ipdyceyqif
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8809
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7440 :
name : jayssflzjr
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3684
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7441 :
name : vgpagrfekn
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 583
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7442 :
name : zgkxaddnco
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4878
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7443 :
name : ufflhmfosp
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4884
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7444 :
name : oejybjbgwf
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2363
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7445 :
name : forlbbxgpr
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6199
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7446 :
name : zteirhrvop
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7307
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7447 :
name : fquydxzcgp
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7909
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7448 :
name : krbobvyssm
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1821
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7449 :
name : ehcaffyfie
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 634
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7450 :
name : stpvjqqhkk
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9782
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7451 :
name : saeubmczrm
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 995
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7452 :
name : ogqfcavujh
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6291
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7453 :
name : yibefcqhbj
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4369
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7454 :
name : yzdqehqzcc
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2458
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7455 :
name : ikjjpqohxr
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9665
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7456 :
name : vpaygegyfk
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9528
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7457 :
name : wtkhfbytjv
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4645
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7458 :
name : phlqgrworc
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4934
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7459 :
name : rtzeaefyzq
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1239
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7460 :
name : mzdxrlqobj
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3382
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7461 :
name : ldrkhsqosr
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8697
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7462 :
name : ylcektpchr
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5243
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7463 :
name : tcqkoxcgnx
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7886
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7464 :
name : oafqeqlwst
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1343
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7465 :
name : fccvprutzk
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5451
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7466 :
name : wuzcmeuxcm
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3542
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7467 :
name : ruhtswmopm
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4548
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7468 :
name : kbijfwpbtr
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 411
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7469 :
name : naxutpsiej
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7726
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7470 :
name : ftnpeulwwh
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1870
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7471 :
name : yptvloldyr
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4254
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7472 :
name : jlawdfqqbo
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1971
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7473 :
name : tsjoqufdxd
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4205
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7474 :
name : hcfiakptbs
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8059
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7475 :
name : fdroujjbmi
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2649
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7476 :
name : qqiyajipcl
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6013
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7477 :
name : nwbgnxqwye
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 248
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7478 :
name : ttfbrhkcwo
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 129
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7479 :
name : zqxazkzpix
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5013
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7480 :
name : tbpadihpkf
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2261
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7481 :
name : kjwhmvrlmz
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8431
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7482 :
name : lirakwltov
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3732
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7483 :
name : durbedwvpk
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3496
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7484 :
name : hazbblxmen
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8580
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7485 :
name : rmmjnqmlmd
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8460
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7486 :
name : uuatxdeurk
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3351
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7487 :
name : enatypjmax
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8219
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7488 :
name : kqfllcqqzi
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4998
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7489 :
name : zxvzqtqciq
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9128
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7490 :
name : yungfzkyrj
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7531
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7491 :
name : bukytasjcc
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2753
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7492 :
name : xqilwqmhod
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5567
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7493 :
name : jqlvogvira
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8333
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7494 :
name : umcezzulik
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7027
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7495 :
name : zxjmsasqkj
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 212
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7496 :
name : puzsyytvld
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6206
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7497 :
name : xrpgekgwcr
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3783
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7498 :
name : bdobvobojn
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3219
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7499 :
name : ivaaeemkdo
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4729
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7500 :
name : gvduyykzmu
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3860
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7501 :
name : wrzytdffqk
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8350
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7502 :
name : xnobjmzuno
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8780
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7503 :
name : zbcbbygify
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 3681
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7504 :
name : lpyzqhnrda
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 409
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7505 :
name : peduhfsonx
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2937
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7506 :
name : jtmjueshww
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6042
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7507 :
name : sepvywcsms
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5903
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7508 :
name : xbdmmxqeho
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7797
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7509 :
name : eoltljsqbe
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 714
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7510 :
name : nfmqrypkey
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8252
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7511 :
name : xzriuesmuv
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7512 :
name : bnspflnvvu
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5594
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7513 :
name : eipvskbkyw
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6989
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7514 :
name : laffpnqfko
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9127
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7515 :
name : agasdteefe
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5323
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7516 :
name : qqqxvhklou
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5627
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7517 :
name : smzvgcomhv
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7730
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7518 :
name : bietgzcsnt
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3985
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7519 :
name : cjmdeuguip
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6131
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7520 :
name : pgzvbhxdak
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3559
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7521 :
name : ynpmqwiwqq
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2610
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7522 :
name : kftjautzat
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 221
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7523 :
name : qmwhzpdjnu
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9623
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7524 :
name : qdwjoygjyg
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6171
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7525 :
name : qgkoojdrut
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5341
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7526 :
name : nkujtlhbuh
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3552
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7527 :
name : qewasklydg
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6635
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7528 :
name : uctqnoduqy
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 476
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7529 :
name : ontkqmwbma
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6426
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7530 :
name : cgwxwjnaff
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8648
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7531 :
name : upyococypo
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4986
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7532 :
name : pvtlsrwgrb
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2576
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7533 :
name : xnmxbolfod
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4377
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7534 :
name : pfciqwzoct
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8893
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7535 :
name : jezxbclphb
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4631
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7536 :
name : xnvzxnvyba
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4261
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7537 :
name : erfeqhgbyo
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5191
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7538 :
name : jsdgtawqyz
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4151
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7539 :
name : uptbvjibmi
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5921
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7540 :
name : qtftbyvxpw
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1651
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7541 :
name : qnjlpewzhi
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 849
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7542 :
name : ozevuhwqfl
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5955
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7543 :
name : ounzfcfddn
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3707
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7544 :
name : zdxfbroxjt
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5808
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7545 :
name : zvtmuaqadt
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7338
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7546 :
name : fglcnmvbjf
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3517
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7547 :
name : cxvvjpyzrd
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8079
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7548 :
name : ehtplgegkp
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4752
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7549 :
name : nsdipmznmr
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7406
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7550 :
name : ptsikdrqlb
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2465
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7551 :
name : pghsowhpmt
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9455
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7552 :
name : nxnhhzmaqx
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 349
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7553 :
name : ndzuxpteef
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 3683
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7554 :
name : gquvxdulek
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6919
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7555 :
name : bvcarbpkgw
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4514
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7556 :
name : glbcgbfdml
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9746
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7557 :
name : ubcwetxvgf
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6006
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7558 :
name : yiqbkzcscr
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6867
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7559 :
name : xsxzqdvqyd
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4523
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7560 :
name : hkfamrzqld
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6689
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7561 :
name : qxkpxasusq
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5089
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7562 :
name : hllolzhkpt
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5285
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7563 :
name : zdwlsvokrg
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3961
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7564 :
name : zydmmolwaa
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9458
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7565 :
name : acizocwenq
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2157
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7566 :
name : ykidwwrhst
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6063
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7567 :
name : pnrzohbnlq
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 793
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7568 :
name : ukqcnmahvv
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8805
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7569 :
name : vehmdytele
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6548
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7570 :
name : ibjyfxnggi
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9674
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7571 :
name : ledtqgtlne
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5627
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7572 :
name : tbvdzacogi
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 8635
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7573 :
name : qazvvqcobr
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6096
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7574 :
name : uhnpkosoda
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8441
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7575 :
name : fjseepwifa
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2372
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7576 :
name : hzvwqhkiwp
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5252
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7577 :
name : kcuegbufjz
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8696
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7578 :
name : olmlhfttnp
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 326
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7579 :
name : xmvtreunlg
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6688
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7580 :
name : eehtpqykll
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1669
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7581 :
name : fknddghats
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9613
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7582 :
name : ibfrwxjuhw
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7814
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7583 :
name : wbglelslln
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1468
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7584 :
name : zbueuqbdnj
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4431
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7585 :
name : qvuygzjamv
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1949
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7586 :
name : fopztjrwpe
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1596
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7587 :
name : urlprtqbue
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3299
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7588 :
name : ktsbsnmkjb
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6101
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7589 :
name : momzfdvxgr
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6784
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7590 :
name : gmmynhlatx
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7711
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7591 :
name : iouuqzalxg
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3122
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7592 :
name : enosobzbds
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7593 :
name : hxzbrrdtcc
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9462
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7594 :
name : erfsltwluz
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8161
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7595 :
name : vtevwymzrr
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8436
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7596 :
name : pjzudlpzwj
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4067
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7597 :
name : mhiqceqqgi
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6954
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7598 :
name : kabjuewlgu
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1315
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7599 :
name : nnzvfdbwwj
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6530
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7600 :
name : ltomfksbvy
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1836
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7601 :
name : yjezgjfhhb
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 8551
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7602 :
name : xxsljxybzv
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2244
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7603 :
name : gfgmhmymvf
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1564
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7604 :
name : sszkgiiemj
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8279
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7605 :
name : dvdjkkxiys
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6954
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7606 :
name : jczjnftxlh
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 838
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7607 :
name : tvbyglkfti
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9480
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7608 :
name : bstadihwfu
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9440
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7609 :
name : mycnyiyint
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3845
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7610 :
name : vppqrszzrg
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4897
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7611 :
name : brdegbohke
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8626
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7612 :
name : qxfgowypxr
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7725
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7613 :
name : vvsybzzpgl
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9835
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7614 :
name : ifknlallpl
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1119
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7615 :
name : fsbaqczsuh
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7408
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7616 :
name : cdlnsynelf
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3469
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7617 :
name : yeiaezcftw
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6365
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7618 :
name : sizfxsdlyo
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 3718
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7619 :
name : xisfixenez
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7737
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7620 :
name : urjvyhpbun
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9553
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7621 :
name : uwenbpmics
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9938
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7622 :
name : mbiwzhdoix
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7386
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7623 :
name : ffxluzcihg
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3771
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7624 :
name : laztwaazpl
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5652
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7625 :
name : nokkceleos
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8646
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7626 :
name : hudincjqba
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5136
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7627 :
name : abaloerzig
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7574
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7628 :
name : amwfwmhhcl
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2228
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7629 :
name : yfxaslelmn
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8363
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7630 :
name : nszjyyvhhx
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3259
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7631 :
name : yiaviuipgu
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 862
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7632 :
name : qbmsnmsiuz
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2299
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7633 :
name : mkgofqjpfr
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3519
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7634 :
name : khbxboltzf
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7931
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7635 :
name : uxgamnqxdw
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9720
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7636 :
name : htnjspxdkw
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2254
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7637 :
name : bbojdcytzd
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8073
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7638 :
name : cirqtjhror
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5522
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7639 :
name : oajclmhlii
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4581
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7640 :
name : wonnggypzm
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7751
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7641 :
name : utogybsfmc
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 187
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7642 :
name : glftyncycb
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9355
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7643 :
name : gvjwbhxwok
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8226
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7644 :
name : glflgfaiec
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4488
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7645 :
name : dnnmjrwjnm
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2581
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7646 :
name : mrfrenwfya
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6982
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7647 :
name : lzbbonumwh
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1751
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7648 :
name : odstwxjsch
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1308
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7649 :
name : hchlfvyzhu
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2346
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7650 :
name : otgjocgxuk
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 6732
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7651 :
name : ffmnqrkqss
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9917
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7652 :
name : dnzjwolenh
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9720
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7653 :
name : jtwviooteg
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4923
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7654 :
name : oqfobbemir
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6008
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7655 :
name : ddibyqqmlw
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3212
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7656 :
name : etfjjgnpsv
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1896
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7657 :
name : kzmuckmuzy
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4339
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7658 :
name : kkvpwewjvq
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2503
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7659 :
name : nlazfdjsxk
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5091
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7660 :
name : ialdqhjoqe
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1894
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7661 :
name : jyjjxooiio
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5603
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7662 :
name : fjrqojxxxp
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6142
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7663 :
name : ivprhoivws
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5832
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7664 :
name : kvdbntlmsk
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2723
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7665 :
name : hwfyqomakl
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 8405
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7666 :
name : xxicbxwmjo
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8061
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7667 :
name : wazdzrsnrc
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8434
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7668 :
name : ncuxgvvejg
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2618
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7669 :
name : xdbyicpasi
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9389
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7670 :
name : rrznoiljmw
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6635
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7671 :
name : jmvllepcgh
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9565
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7672 :
name : xygznuhygv
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2352
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7673 :
name : xnzvambrrh
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 95
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7674 :
name : jylrzymizu
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1329
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7675 :
name : jkokhoxigo
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7935
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7676 :
name : dwionkobsn
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5764
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7677 :
name : jcwxndokmw
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9560
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7678 :
name : pxqxngjbhc
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7581
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7679 :
name : mjbijolzaz
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4806
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7680 :
name : artqogwajg
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9336
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7681 :
name : nqmoyvemwg
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8119
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7682 :
name : cvkvlbdkbn
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4678
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7683 :
name : osabjyypkv
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 789
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7684 :
name : kjmwgzxkla
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5964
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7685 :
name : pdfpgopefa
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7345
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7686 :
name : rcvfydgyps
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9406
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7687 :
name : ixgnomdfsi
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7993
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7688 :
name : yystfswmsm
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4893
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7689 :
name : dlalaqzdvs
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3301
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7690 :
name : galytqsrcl
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4829
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7691 :
name : hlzhxcxwhu
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6960
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7692 :
name : kmxvmsnfkq
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3293
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7693 :
name : ofhqmgslez
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1326
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7694 :
name : wrswogobna
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4631
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7695 :
name : niiwawesjj
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7033
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7696 :
name : jprdlfkcgx
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5050
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7697 :
name : iketgfplxb
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1795
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7698 :
name : slejrpodtu
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2145
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7699 :
name : qqcvllacwz
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6606
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7700 :
name : hrhlaadqdw
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6675
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7701 :
name : paftvqgxte
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4967
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7702 :
name : sdpcqscvig
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6841
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7703 :
name : zhhhdexjds
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2712
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7704 :
name : rhaglsynoj
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8387
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7705 :
name : nlgwslcpuf
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9072
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7706 :
name : iugkarcbgs
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4061
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7707 :
name : bgwjeouhgq
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1446
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7708 :
name : ahngrnxuqd
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 762
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7709 :
name : tqbrbfivoo
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 473
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7710 :
name : zommudbtzs
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1151
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7711 :
name : nbvotwwdtm
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5322
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7712 :
name : wwjikenlxn
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5470
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7713 :
name : elgzcbxaeq
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6671
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7714 :
name : reubmehbse
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1720
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7715 :
name : ixhqwlstny
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1051
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7716 :
name : uzlrazvhdn
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4390
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7717 :
name : gdinthancn
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6604
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7718 :
name : ygvmxynvhq
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2371
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7719 :
name : xctfrnouar
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7948
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7720 :
name : bzfwnewcze
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5492
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7721 :
name : qejjjdyyxz
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8624
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7722 :
name : oxgtvtxsvz
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2840
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7723 :
name : qpbabndbna
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4315
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7724 :
name : nebtzwoyqm
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8443
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7725 :
name : ezffziuekj
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6198
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7726 :
name : rcksxjrmih
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9861
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7727 :
name : oinvqogkus
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6167
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7728 :
name : lbsxtqjmct
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1593
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7729 :
name : qirdfhtltp
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1946
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7730 :
name : ixcawxqfku
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5371
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7731 :
name : hpkyvphqda
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5085
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7732 :
name : pfrrgooyvy
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3279
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7733 :
name : eckqcfgjwl
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6570
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7734 :
name : orhhkpxant
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8592
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7735 :
name : imisclykww
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8625
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7736 :
name : bffiopxmsn
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8426
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7737 :
name : dammsrzsdx
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4945
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7738 :
name : uszaanrazj
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8961
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7739 :
name : dqarevifpo
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2090
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7740 :
name : jhmkjpzcpb
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7010
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7741 :
name : iviknmhxrx
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3718
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7742 :
name : zlpoxadxdu
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4327
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7743 :
name : qpfzcsnjph
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4476
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7744 :
name : nltfzqfepk
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5650
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7745 :
name : lqoqrqifaz
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 721
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7746 :
name : kgfflgxrkn
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9687
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7747 :
name : bqysgqiqxk
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3416
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7748 :
name : nikspwampk
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4277
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7749 :
name : ejncbvuklt
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 6735
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7750 :
name : kclxwavwmk
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2303
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7751 :
name : cgfplhlhty
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 752
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7752 :
name : eufrrermag
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5985
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7753 :
name : qesxwfehmx
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4744
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7754 :
name : qrtxjmbaae
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8214
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7755 :
name : yuhssfzyom
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4322
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7756 :
name : cbyxajjejj
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8552
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7757 :
name : ovrxqlcpjq
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6796
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7758 :
name : ultujwdsao
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6261
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7759 :
name : ddawaqjcis
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6907
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7760 :
name : ueiqyrmdlm
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9725
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7761 :
name : bfmbdpumre
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 226
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7762 :
name : odayvarhdc
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7213
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7763 :
name : fsdrvggrsa
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2757
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7764 :
name : mfoodjouqr
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6806
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7765 :
name : mbyrvuydls
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5142
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7766 :
name : dhdrvgdjcv
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1536
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7767 :
name : pgyoztkxxv
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7277
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7768 :
name : gofjibrlmt
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3171
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7769 :
name : thtrvslfsk
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 185
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7770 :
name : krmqbutuhh
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6057
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7771 :
name : nhoiyjblqv
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6116
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7772 :
name : cuxomaifup
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4616
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7773 :
name : mdfalglotd
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6704
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7774 :
name : dvvcjkcury
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5560
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7775 :
name : jcdreqzrhs
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3276
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7776 :
name : mxgkzrudll
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5635
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7777 :
name : qysvpyloqs
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2144
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7778 :
name : yebeqcxkfj
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6731
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7779 :
name : vitndkooae
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8619
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7780 :
name : xsjawadvki
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2740
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7781 :
name : nigixltlat
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6857
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7782 :
name : hhvrhtrkod
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 967
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7783 :
name : mdrvmpgfci
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7752
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7784 :
name : umnrfukwhb
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6533
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7785 :
name : dcyvzkmgrq
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6141
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7786 :
name : sclfuqcepl
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2140
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7787 :
name : jhnhentstk
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3329
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7788 :
name : apulxoebut
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5647
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7789 :
name : vmqiwwxpoq
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 241
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7790 :
name : tgppumdypa
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7353
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7791 :
name : lcvemrakir
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8635
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7792 :
name : qyxfnrutpj
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3688
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7793 :
name : totosfhtpq
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3037
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7794 :
name : rsyozoftjw
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4629
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7795 :
name : xnxqesxllp
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 796
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7796 :
name : hvviluwsqh
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1574
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7797 :
name : wtctlgliuy
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1216
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7798 :
name : aqyvalsydk
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2940
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7799 :
name : uokyjvhvgb
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4483
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7800 :
name : ctgcrgojer
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 8732
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7801 :
name : awtlwcidzq
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7475
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7802 :
name : kjlqlcyznc
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4526
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7803 :
name : qgijtfnein
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9411
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7804 :
name : ccdnuqssqf
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5581
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7805 :
name : azxjktqyxy
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6750
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7806 :
name : jbooojfidx
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 657
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7807 :
name : bijatttjts
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1525
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7808 :
name : ajiqzzzghf
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2782
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7809 :
name : mooxrjtktm
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3764
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7810 :
name : etnpjpqlvz
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3866
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7811 :
name : ejfujweciz
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6937
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7812 :
name : isdyjpnzci
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 648
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7813 :
name : aeafyjdell
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6718
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7814 :
name : jslnquedvg
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4505
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7815 :
name : rbxrgydlcq
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3297
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7816 :
name : mjhzyxwccr
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9476
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7817 :
name : jbugscgxnj
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3802
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7818 :
name : gwuoysnuws
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3585
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7819 :
name : dkrzsjbbjo
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2676
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7820 :
name : kjgexewnas
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8789
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7821 :
name : owahvvtwwc
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2904
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7822 :
name : iwsoasszhs
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5787
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7823 :
name : ykdbsawlyu
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4333
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7824 :
name : nwthnwzhxi
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9615
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7825 :
name : dixijriheg
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3407
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7826 :
name : qshjauhbee
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7828
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7827 :
name : joaiykbhtf
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8609
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7828 :
name : lyxtjxprat
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3858
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7829 :
name : renumneowx
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7479
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7830 :
name : zjwwchvuav
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 213
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7831 :
name : lkwaelnkbk
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3017
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7832 :
name : ufesbizwea
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5871
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7833 :
name : srxprcaeob
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 310
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7834 :
name : wkmaeokgkp
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 336
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7835 :
name : yadvpuzrbq
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9837
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7836 :
name : vssiuxyedi
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4324
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7837 :
name : bgtfclbdec
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9695
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7838 :
name : cfrwplvnry
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 3456
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7839 :
name : gqccxgpzlt
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 835
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7840 :
name : vbwmyozvdt
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 3585
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7841 :
name : fqjhsgphhb
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1335
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7842 :
name : xwmvlmjmhn
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4807
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7843 :
name : jtdscxauei
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6202
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7844 :
name : dcipzvbjjj
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9395
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7845 :
name : zzzerebsyh
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3287
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7846 :
name : baclqbirms
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8694
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7847 :
name : nqcpxutyot
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3897
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7848 :
name : obpqpfrzzg
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7723
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7849 :
name : vqjyfiuygk
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5615
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7850 :
name : rvsiljqeip
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5787
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7851 :
name : jasuazcuzk
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4562
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7852 :
name : pbujkfuamd
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3906
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7853 :
name : jsgcmgbqdb
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2366
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7854 :
name : ttvpfhxzjj
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3016
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7855 :
name : nvcvxrdahg
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 803
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7856 :
name : kukhjrpgqy
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5984
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7857 :
name : lqdnlceodo
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8757
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7858 :
name : pzbbglsxrk
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 220
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7859 :
name : qkctxpwedb
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8646
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7860 :
name : rjqskzfcwz
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6227
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7861 :
name : wmfyifpgls
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3174
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7862 :
name : mjjdevejaa
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 788
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7863 :
name : uqacoihfqu
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7556
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7864 :
name : ajdjohhssh
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2929
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7865 :
name : homhqcrzih
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7277
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7866 :
name : avodgfmnxe
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6358
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7867 :
name : feftnxxfzh
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3628
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7868 :
name : wxmnausmkr
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9313
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7869 :
name : ahhhcufzze
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7581
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7870 :
name : rzkdmmagak
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8885
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7871 :
name : vodcvhxcjy
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3131
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7872 :
name : batnghzgnz
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2529
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7873 :
name : qiowmmfjoo
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4255
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7874 :
name : bcgupmcrur
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6007
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7875 :
name : hfhvdtjify
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 182
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7876 :
name : dgtldlahcu
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6850
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7877 :
name : ioorltmvbt
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7075
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7878 :
name : cvqxitiiam
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9076
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7879 :
name : qywgrhzdcc
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3272
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7880 :
name : nnidntzxbb
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2969
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7881 :
name : kjygrposvs
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4101
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7882 :
name : dqxowkhvhk
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6498
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7883 :
name : tnvsuojkge
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8573
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7884 :
name : kyxhottxqa
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1145
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7885 :
name : gwfeqbsznz
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8759
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7886 :
name : kumhbacuzu
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2964
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7887 :
name : ebjlfbmaab
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1692
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7888 :
name : fpnrzptbls
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9737
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7889 :
name : pphybozpoc
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5581
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7890 :
name : drmrklidov
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7815
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7891 :
name : nrnwpqnrhd
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8466
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7892 :
name : pndbgpooud
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6264
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7893 :
name : phmedduqud
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8095
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7894 :
name : qgowkulyii
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 458
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7895 :
name : wkuiozmiqi
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1341
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7896 :
name : bijrgvlruv
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4661
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7897 :
name : dzcziqzuar
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 402
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7898 :
name : ijptavplpl
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2875
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7899 :
name : fcthcdabzc
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5199
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7900 :
name : ahtpawnpjc
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8297
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7901 :
name : qsvjbzodcn
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9373
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7902 :
name : cycwqdsdub
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 3946
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7903 :
name : otekcflsjo
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 6795
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7904 :
name : gyskwipqnk
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4072
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7905 :
name : vgtbsxidqt
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8823
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7906 :
name : ekuwwsgmlv
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7832
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7907 :
name : seelhwlpad
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9545
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7908 :
name : wzhqvekdsv
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3591
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7909 :
name : bkfhxmekbg
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6682
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7910 :
name : xkfecdkoic
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4837
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7911 :
name : vrmabkofwq
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8297
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7912 :
name : kjmsqqxaef
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1007
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7913 :
name : pvybxznmgk
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1775
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7914 :
name : yttknlakog
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 502
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7915 :
name : evrcyremfm
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 895
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7916 :
name : sumnebzglp
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5239
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7917 :
name : gpgauerasw
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5432
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7918 :
name : amipcoqdue
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8674
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7919 :
name : ukmakggbgz
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1476
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7920 :
name : gldqahfskb
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4005
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7921 :
name : hdrtdbbkfj
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4312
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7922 :
name : umaadchiws
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4805
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7923 :
name : ddkwwnxzze
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2148
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7924 :
name : cgdeggipqg
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9726
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7925 :
name : kjbufzjeyj
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2946
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7926 :
name : oczsihaqxr
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6044
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7927 :
name : tkxugevpjv
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5728
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7928 :
name : umuwgcfhue
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6070
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7929 :
name : bogzkmdhco
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 993
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7930 :
name : cznyxtcfaw
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2316
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7931 :
name : lynszzgcgi
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5188
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7932 :
name : nepaeouhtw
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 78
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7933 :
name : aibqcapkfy
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5025
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7934 :
name : yvhnymdutx
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8211
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7935 :
name : duhhkjjbvq
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2713
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7936 :
name : siwbxwpaqk
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2232
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7937 :
name : ihwpqiazjv
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5281
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7938 :
name : mcfkeegtgy
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6436
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7939 :
name : lzqhogroic
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4502
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7940 :
name : mmltyrxfme
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3781
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7941 :
name : vxiogwwzke
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2185
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7942 :
name : pehcxgtxnf
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7987
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7943 :
name : jmesclozkb
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9622
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7944 :
name : sdmaflgykv
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 6466
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7945 :
name : uptzhvmxwy
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1498
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7946 :
name : vqvjqawyah
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4117
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7947 :
name : bdeuclrqkq
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5429
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7948 :
name : oayjloliol
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5583
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7949 :
name : hotlixycpj
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9389
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7950 :
name : cenbpbralg
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1930
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7951 :
name : fpeacozbqo
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7871
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7952 :
name : hkgwlvxfvi
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5355
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7953 :
name : cijginwiop
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3270
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7954 :
name : cbtiygexlb
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2655
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7955 :
name : iwhtcrgbzv
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2980
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7956 :
name : gtwzewfitt
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1772
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7957 :
name : shszaxthys
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6925
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7958 :
name : nhbjiffqpy
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2453
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7959 :
name : ythqukpntn
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9648
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7960 :
name : lpkmystfii
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 259
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7961 :
name : kgpuyjeozz
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4135
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7962 :
name : ywbiizbdhl
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9742
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7963 :
name : bgdqcbbira
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1086
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7964 :
name : vbewmmxpre
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3520
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7965 :
name : oihryjvatm
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6060
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7966 :
name : thhxfvlckc
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1869
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7967 :
name : itcrkbdfdw
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5776
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7968 :
name : cbalafgmks
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7018
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7969 :
name : zjqbadefkh
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 254
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7970 :
name : gdrhrrmzfy
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6042
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7971 :
name : twglziqeob
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1436
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7972 :
name : vhymorgcrl
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4984
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7973 :
name : grgmdfxtjl
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 386
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7974 :
name : ybewquqwxh
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2001
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7975 :
name : cxskmvpjqb
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9671
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7976 :
name : vzwcxmwnkv
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1704
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7977 :
name : yskqcynujf
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3125
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7978 :
name : nshmuhyrwl
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2362
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7979 :
name : smeecidpeo
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2413
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7980 :
name : cepmqjvrct
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2859
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7981 :
name : abrghvqmkv
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9767
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7982 :
name : tzcinutilw
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6694
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7983 :
name : wsznajirvu
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 453
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7984 :
name : adtengyhrk
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9158
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7985 :
name : ysizfkkpbg
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 23
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7986 :
name : wnhrtxzses
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 780
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7987 :
name : ddblfgvpxz
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9363
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7988 :
name : uyncrgzsyf
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1727
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7989 :
name : bbncoukmmh
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8864
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7990 :
name : qajfecmdvm
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1474
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7991 :
name : bfkqhylrmz
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6059
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7992 :
name : wjfhpjkdof
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5602
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7993 :
name : tljdcqephq
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4887
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7994 :
name : xulcccnmfd
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3128
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7995 :
name : hbtqfvilkr
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3687
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 7996 :
name : cqtnuxshlx
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8537
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7997 :
name : ewnxousyhe
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2727
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7998 :
name : ervzhrwzzh
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 658
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 7999 :
name : zzzpyqlqot
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3609
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8000 :
name : iepfewxcxy
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3438
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8001 :
name : mzroqpgbhu
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 191
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8002 :
name : yhknoqjlsg
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3550
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8003 :
name : wjdpztffuo
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 267
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8004 :
name : xcyjppzaas
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1643
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8005 :
name : aksfzsygzv
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9431
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8006 :
name : dokeactzev
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4252
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8007 :
name : quplaqdaze
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6807
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8008 :
name : qpdatdeodl
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1077
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8009 :
name : flnuwnmbpl
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7250
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8010 :
name : wglaigfpwk
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6330
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8011 :
name : bhoodndpqv
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3261
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8012 :
name : ejwslfyqwv
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6338
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8013 :
name : gnhwemljbc
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4385
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8014 :
name : tteplrwlhs
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2391
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8015 :
name : qtoxqujbdn
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 790
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8016 :
name : odruselrqv
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2426
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8017 :
name : gsdusvobxt
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 884
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8018 :
name : ecrvxmcids
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1561
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8019 :
name : atngnfbdiy
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5656
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8020 :
name : tgplboxfzc
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8475
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8021 :
name : lqkywzdycl
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9823
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8022 :
name : zxhrikfhqe
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8046
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8023 :
name : cownmumrup
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 8835
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8024 :
name : ttxamhmtqe
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2521
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8025 :
name : znrxaeupxo
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2980
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8026 :
name : mppjrbtfwj
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8052
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8027 :
name : ofvffvjzkh
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3598
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8028 :
name : hnfyywbtey
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9949
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8029 :
name : cebxjiutjh
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 6566
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8030 :
name : oxrtvrsxlw
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9163
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8031 :
name : gtmjqvslqb
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1261
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8032 :
name : ehhxdcrvbc
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4615
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8033 :
name : cnjowalqnc
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9261
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8034 :
name : gbknansrkt
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9833
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8035 :
name : ivvrlttxki
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5986
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8036 :
name : scbererjxb
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9533
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8037 :
name : ofijytcusm
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 179
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8038 :
name : rmtuqkyjuw
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7840
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8039 :
name : dgdnrdjtxb
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5406
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8040 :
name : krifoapmjl
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 779
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8041 :
name : ihvlwmrfho
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2099
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8042 :
name : iolstzsiod
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5331
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8043 :
name : pplmchytng
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5544
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8044 :
name : pjobbhcwrq
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4534
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8045 :
name : ttnegpnelc
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5471
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8046 :
name : abeoeixjer
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 113
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8047 :
name : cjdppjhfps
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1172
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8048 :
name : kirrzyzwjf
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8951
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8049 :
name : uwkxmagthx
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2604
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8050 :
name : rojlhijggu
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6433
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8051 :
name : bsooraozvv
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6044
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8052 :
name : mpfvamflvl
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3332
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8053 :
name : xlamzropqm
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7455
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8054 :
name : nmcujfioqf
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3181
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8055 :
name : wgvxuvolmh
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8501
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8056 :
name : jknngwspml
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 282
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8057 :
name : thdoezluka
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1966
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8058 :
name : citryapspb
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3651
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8059 :
name : ljdoajpldc
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 804
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8060 :
name : usrolpoajf
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7235
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8061 :
name : ofrttrckei
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8356
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8062 :
name : xubokmfypp
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6615
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8063 :
name : jmraimtkxy
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7263
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8064 :
name : yhgzxqmdrb
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7758
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8065 :
name : ijjbmtofdn
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2979
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8066 :
name : kuqqtqihtz
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3475
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8067 :
name : uoudpgwfmc
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9095
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8068 :
name : lfhexcufkp
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3339
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8069 :
name : pzojfgsdng
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7766
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8070 :
name : mxktdhwxoi
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9865
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8071 :
name : dfatqhbikr
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2344
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8072 :
name : ecaqydxwcl
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6612
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8073 :
name : jlnlhgsiod
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9298
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8074 :
name : agzdyzivvn
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6694
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8075 :
name : qzvdlelfpc
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2214
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8076 :
name : gkbhpahzve
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8425
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8077 :
name : qkynplsbqh
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2768
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8078 :
name : suwudnumnr
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 3321
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8079 :
name : unhuazfscw
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4026
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8080 :
name : jtrinwvjji
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6295
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8081 :
name : jxktskuxfw
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4438
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8082 :
name : agdtosplcy
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4757
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8083 :
name : xtdjovwivb
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6696
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8084 :
name : tnryihqyss
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9100
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8085 :
name : fwulgiictd
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5475
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8086 :
name : hjcyhlhylz
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9937
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8087 :
name : qzfkkntvpm
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4862
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8088 :
name : cbufbdqibd
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4067
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8089 :
name : vsncdypyvg
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4619
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8090 :
name : mcrijtmbdn
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7312
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8091 :
name : xnklpplgng
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9138
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8092 :
name : rdelnngzoj
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1330
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8093 :
name : qyycjqruwg
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2540
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8094 :
name : kviogwemxs
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7248
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8095 :
name : ypnwrwolsn
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7451
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8096 :
name : dnumdaihof
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4373
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8097 :
name : jnzwltuaeo
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 445
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8098 :
name : hsncereoav
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8702
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8099 :
name : tzivxworys
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5534
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8100 :
name : qysdczwhnx
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9480
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8101 :
name : xgafbzdrsb
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 8085
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8102 :
name : orpjwritax
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5718
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8103 :
name : isaladkdvd
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8535
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8104 :
name : vkyktvbdqc
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6573
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8105 :
name : asyadadnda
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6100
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8106 :
name : osonejkfoa
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3849
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8107 :
name : puqpwtpbiv
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8800
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8108 :
name : lzubmymwfa
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5560
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8109 :
name : pafhrbcjek
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6288
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8110 :
name : pzrjcfhpen
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5175
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8111 :
name : pzrwgizktd
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7603
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8112 :
name : dcownqevhi
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3347
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8113 :
name : bhjudrdccy
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3669
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8114 :
name : nzrdvfvzcd
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 883
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8115 :
name : nbnwwqobus
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1418
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8116 :
name : iowarrfnth
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8850
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8117 :
name : bjeogagwbc
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4870
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8118 :
name : crqyrkswxl
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2736
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8119 :
name : udwytcazyd
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5032
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8120 :
name : jjpcigmafl
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1979
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8121 :
name : pyslymqyno
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5188
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8122 :
name : cuhrwpairf
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 200
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8123 :
name : gmjbykpqkc
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2178
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8124 :
name : potxfqohag
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1477
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8125 :
name : xogjpgtgwd
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4246
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8126 :
name : suemtlchte
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9217
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8127 :
name : uzccirkdyg
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3763
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8128 :
name : avjehcqlmj
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2711
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8129 :
name : emhgqpxatx
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2773
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8130 :
name : yvzhbimrva
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7832
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8131 :
name : jxtqdjhclc
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4031
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8132 :
name : lkkmumvgfs
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4578
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8133 :
name : kwadofowhz
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1749
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8134 :
name : kskuegiboo
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9005
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8135 :
name : zmgbrvgitp
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 732
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8136 :
name : dospkzwvak
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6872
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8137 :
name : tikbjbypjr
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8476
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8138 :
name : pmnkcxjysj
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9131
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8139 :
name : eowoqfrowb
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5089
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8140 :
name : tkbgudffdy
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5048
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8141 :
name : qdxmrpuies
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8142 :
name : mavnisqoxv
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7909
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8143 :
name : tlqtyjkuuo
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3755
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8144 :
name : lwrhlazdqy
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6190
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8145 :
name : celvzlgjfa
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5991
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8146 :
name : xodoxoqytg
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9883
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8147 :
name : mqizlhktsr
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 771
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8148 :
name : sdlvtimkif
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1632
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8149 :
name : btilsvscom
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9146
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8150 :
name : cztpvnzjxh
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9194
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8151 :
name : fqpnbhkvlb
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5810
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8152 :
name : etpximmhvl
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7858
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8153 :
name : zjqpytyjpm
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4623
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8154 :
name : kbjabtmpck
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1379
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8155 :
name : vdgnuhhtsy
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7316
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8156 :
name : pmhymktazv
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2694
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8157 :
name : memvrgeabw
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7527
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8158 :
name : fmuokiyfka
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7405
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8159 :
name : lclxzdfddh
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 320
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8160 :
name : xkotzabzgo
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6984
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8161 :
name : spceobjtgo
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5055
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8162 :
name : unwkhxkkxs
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6750
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8163 :
name : zivdmjgxfm
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4642
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8164 :
name : hcjdmsbyca
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9089
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8165 :
name : hvycymoglt
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5671
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8166 :
name : uwhfbvxcvb
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5367
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8167 :
name : xkdxodmclx
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3331
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8168 :
name : dsukzwhyyd
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3930
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8169 :
name : adufcijqnu
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4885
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8170 :
name : ysatcbpmzp
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4639
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8171 :
name : akkuqofbfs
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5549
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8172 :
name : lybntgpkso
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7064
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8173 :
name : wueiruxwxe
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2388
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8174 :
name : kfumtpukzo
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9128
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8175 :
name : qorwxkqwgp
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2095
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8176 :
name : epwadppxzo
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1447
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8177 :
name : ldgezfosbw
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 8179
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8178 :
name : ixxexbvmaw
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6701
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8179 :
name : rebzkbeyvh
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2159
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8180 :
name : wwtwdtxafx
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1700
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8181 :
name : kohnorourl
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8751
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8182 :
name : mpzflcykdg
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5135
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8183 :
name : thpauftlam
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1340
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8184 :
name : aylzgweggj
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3724
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8185 :
name : mxubzqhubj
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 936
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8186 :
name : ljnzlvvpde
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1539
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8187 :
name : lxwhavxhsb
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2368
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8188 :
name : rtrgscdpth
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 920
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8189 :
name : xebtncrnll
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5776
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8190 :
name : vmeptytwon
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9327
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8191 :
name : lejozxsske
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3425
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8192 :
name : vmfcdaaxzo
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1975
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8193 :
name : ffpowqlojx
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7070
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8194 :
name : scsagxagub
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9627
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8195 :
name : teiiueyivj
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9359
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8196 :
name : dxaxxivaor
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9293
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8197 :
name : zeuhoponxj
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7381
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8198 :
name : ychyzggwix
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2715
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8199 :
name : dncxwqmkfl
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 505
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8200 :
name : zuegtepbcx
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7268
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8201 :
name : hsrjpozcaf
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7836
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8202 :
name : nfksnfycja
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3778
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8203 :
name : xqqrbifbkh
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8048
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8204 :
name : timgcznacw
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3105
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8205 :
name : itezkfjriv
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3153
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8206 :
name : bayngcpvdr
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1604
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8207 :
name : gkzklmqufa
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 930
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8208 :
name : ipnifvluqo
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1399
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8209 :
name : emzdxkrpfx
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3378
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8210 :
name : styfdfcozt
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 666
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8211 :
name : sgermdddsi
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4884
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8212 :
name : rcppkvwmjv
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3018
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8213 :
name : zfxeylhboc
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3263
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8214 :
name : ikfacrvyge
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2991
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8215 :
name : ldhkjfvqjl
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 479
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8216 :
name : fpanregofm
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5375
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8217 :
name : cajkmsrjja
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7208
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8218 :
name : ngbqtuwaib
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8639
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8219 :
name : jttsdhlwqw
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3394
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8220 :
name : lksocoiyqs
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6496
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8221 :
name : qpomkrtxpm
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5498
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8222 :
name : livdwzthzj
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4155
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8223 :
name : jnzxzjqugf
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8145
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8224 :
name : fsecycdrjc
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3291
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8225 :
name : oaunzvzrqh
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8596
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8226 :
name : fzaldangux
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6473
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8227 :
name : pfqmurhtiz
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9715
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8228 :
name : irekeiltof
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3621
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8229 :
name : qsvieqzllj
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3824
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8230 :
name : wvtbfxlstb
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7730
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8231 :
name : ttgpbkhcxu
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9966
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8232 :
name : jbwfeeepwx
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3366
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8233 :
name : znvheytlbq
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1632
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8234 :
name : eczdhdhotf
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5266
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8235 :
name : fxvaeayxnb
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5479
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8236 :
name : nzrocaslon
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4298
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8237 :
name : hbycbecccs
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3382
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8238 :
name : enoxbtxveo
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7295
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8239 :
name : ssvsvxxzbb
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3212
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8240 :
name : invykyrjuw
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9402
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8241 :
name : nmklefkdhl
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3812
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8242 :
name : bjwwkgxbqr
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 3864
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8243 :
name : pkvavzhffq
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6586
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8244 :
name : cnwzkghhkx
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1498
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8245 :
name : yrrttmuaub
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8870
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8246 :
name : ammwnyfvhp
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7063
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8247 :
name : hjdyewmbzg
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2526
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8248 :
name : trqhqghxbq
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5662
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8249 :
name : mtuprbogcn
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2572
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8250 :
name : jdtbmlhwik
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6009
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8251 :
name : tccntwohcs
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7630
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8252 :
name : bmfwotivpq
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4994
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8253 :
name : wjyawrynbc
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7690
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8254 :
name : xlleizxqxp
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3728
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8255 :
name : ptgpwegutj
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 276
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8256 :
name : gpvrtftsxs
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2784
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8257 :
name : wvyekuktre
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7620
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8258 :
name : qpznjusemp
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8272
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8259 :
name : aryyvkvfdm
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8319
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8260 :
name : mjjlwsfpwt
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3680
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8261 :
name : udiuedezki
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8069
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8262 :
name : jdxsoumvjk
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3463
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8263 :
name : veydycgedt
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6312
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8264 :
name : dombiavvxg
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9812
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8265 :
name : sfcrjcvrgz
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 968
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8266 :
name : ddppgysbtr
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8674
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8267 :
name : dzshsdjnus
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 212
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8268 :
name : ollgctgwub
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2680
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8269 :
name : mzngifjuud
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 563
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8270 :
name : tpggviabfw
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8079
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8271 :
name : qsndywkjsg
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6732
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8272 :
name : kuuqcszetg
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2046
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8273 :
name : pvyfaydkhv
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9914
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8274 :
name : euqaltsmzo
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2403
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8275 :
name : skcqpcosov
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1417
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8276 :
name : nqlftyylky
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7531
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8277 :
name : ifkmxzplsf
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9739
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8278 :
name : dokrtdpura
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7015
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8279 :
name : gelqrjriwj
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7320
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8280 :
name : jfwvwrbols
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 6939
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8281 :
name : qckcubnmlj
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2247
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8282 :
name : wziuxhmavz
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4082
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8283 :
name : lvovzkzoym
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7746
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8284 :
name : qmmzjlivlf
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8575
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8285 :
name : bqgrohcnvc
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1779
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8286 :
name : nfzbgkmofz
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 939
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8287 :
name : prwwkkfmzd
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3739
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8288 :
name : ncxofdzrug
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9911
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8289 :
name : qmyokiapxb
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7548
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8290 :
name : vjiuynxzht
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4170
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8291 :
name : qiiqysyyjv
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2234
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8292 :
name : pxkxrkmrjt
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5628
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8293 :
name : rrobhmtgme
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8491
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8294 :
name : lcpxbjhncq
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7013
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8295 :
name : nxhdypstxe
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2313
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8296 :
name : ivrzuukbkm
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1508
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8297 :
name : tmwcqwripo
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5302
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8298 :
name : gqvyqpuaqe
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5820
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8299 :
name : ypvurlqjvh
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1799
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8300 :
name : uxjqxzfrby
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5178
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8301 :
name : qubmqtzjex
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7812
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8302 :
name : zjxibwjgnn
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 3854
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8303 :
name : sgdvuvquew
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6051
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8304 :
name : cbwzmxvxgk
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4055
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8305 :
name : hkjmhdhyzo
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9334
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8306 :
name : ycyxbkuyja
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1314
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8307 :
name : psyyefenfd
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4681
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8308 :
name : srfqoickjm
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1187
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8309 :
name : urxssdzwqf
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8786
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8310 :
name : lsdsktbpek
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6931
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8311 :
name : lhkibenaad
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 132
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8312 :
name : oetrwgnzvr
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 261
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8313 :
name : bcsnmtszts
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1669
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8314 :
name : ysztmyzzzu
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7483
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8315 :
name : fdfxqrsiro
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9400
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8316 :
name : mbxovlowkn
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7487
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8317 :
name : bvjiubbnmu
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7953
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8318 :
name : viuuyrfonr
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8452
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8319 :
name : bftmnnppcb
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6517
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8320 :
name : nzkjvkcazp
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5621
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8321 :
name : wtlrfagwrj
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1153
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8322 :
name : sjgeubowbn
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3949
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8323 :
name : ykfjdmjjib
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9305
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8324 :
name : lhorljsbfv
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3254
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8325 :
name : fftkqywcke
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8488
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8326 :
name : uwainlthnb
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9693
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8327 :
name : gcvbolaknk
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8209
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8328 :
name : kbbkmoyhxl
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5702
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8329 :
name : gncboqnocc
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3614
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8330 :
name : cdgensulbu
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1862
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8331 :
name : yygczuvolx
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4519
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8332 :
name : xsfdyvxvia
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9293
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8333 :
name : fmylpygkmr
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4091
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8334 :
name : hbsogqjfns
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5296
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8335 :
name : bxdajuapeo
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8877
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8336 :
name : tttlizeter
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2591
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8337 :
name : pqbssknsbt
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 3374
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8338 :
name : zyrsjbtpwz
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5452
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8339 :
name : ouspokbbee
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7038
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8340 :
name : nengyzjuof
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 468
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8341 :
name : svwkmlxqob
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 8041
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8342 :
name : ebwtjwusqj
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4179
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8343 :
name : llpjxeuuul
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1867
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8344 :
name : oqfkmojggz
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3426
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8345 :
name : gnmxwjbtgv
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 57
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8346 :
name : qrhwdvmmdv
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1776
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8347 :
name : ejmshidibj
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2424
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8348 :
name : ekdliiivxl
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1797
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8349 :
name : fzytthcwpf
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3994
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8350 :
name : zbaemioufn
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9195
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8351 :
name : ryrrrmyvln
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4314
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8352 :
name : yrsyxgjldo
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1841
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8353 :
name : esbwlvijqt
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4961
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8354 :
name : hiabjxjslm
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3596
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8355 :
name : fbiiztdjdw
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4330
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8356 :
name : zcwbdfbnzo
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8981
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8357 :
name : nkhxsgrysw
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3447
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8358 :
name : okvmoysrnt
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3580
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8359 :
name : kuetuwcnwu
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3552
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8360 :
name : jboenefhvs
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2654
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8361 :
name : fqejkyiole
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2520
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8362 :
name : bkmprbwylr
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9857
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8363 :
name : djlhvxhdls
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6825
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8364 :
name : bjipbbrxze
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3911
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8365 :
name : mofzxawffj
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3701
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8366 :
name : etnnjqqapq
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5677
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8367 :
name : gkinkfqimv
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4439
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8368 :
name : shxfwgvmik
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9368
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8369 :
name : jwzrklzavl
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2372
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8370 :
name : bgdzlzfinq
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 461
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8371 :
name : tvfsopdnra
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 419
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8372 :
name : mcipbvqidd
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2984
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8373 :
name : gyinswexmv
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8040
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8374 :
name : odpyusumdz
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9430
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8375 :
name : mxiukasqxe
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8762
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8376 :
name : hlsylorhbw
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1578
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8377 :
name : kuksowvins
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2452
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8378 :
name : griyswojdr
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6287
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8379 :
name : xsojlcfils
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7940
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8380 :
name : oaezawvoha
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7066
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8381 :
name : frpuacygkl
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2638
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8382 :
name : yigcjiagxh
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 6478
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8383 :
name : rbrixtkvbu
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 860
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8384 :
name : pwfyaogawf
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6121
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8385 :
name : kybdgywrwy
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4619
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8386 :
name : xmcdkctsfs
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2458
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8387 :
name : xwtbzbbysz
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3825
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8388 :
name : mxqoccsyvz
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9035
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8389 :
name : joccrbdtby
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7179
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8390 :
name : knzbdddxby
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4824
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8391 :
name : bwbdasgflk
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8948
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8392 :
name : lwumxzpawt
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4555
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8393 :
name : zxeacgslmg
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2635
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8394 :
name : vrxrdwqvwo
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1035
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8395 :
name : sdrzfwfahr
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6094
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8396 :
name : mralifhaaf
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5584
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8397 :
name : ztasugozgv
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9556
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8398 :
name : isdkdlrmls
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5001
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8399 :
name : hvviopqeqw
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7101
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8400 :
name : ajjdtoqlcd
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 335
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8401 :
name : gzqdhguxkn
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9629
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8402 :
name : sjvdopsecu
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3451
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8403 :
name : lwzbzihuhr
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9691
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8404 :
name : qbylfmczqg
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3564
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8405 :
name : szlrakcjgj
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9317
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8406 :
name : bucaijomih
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6421
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8407 :
name : vcviuvtyeb
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2002
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8408 :
name : sxhwzrgneq
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5957
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8409 :
name : qamljiiego
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2246
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8410 :
name : isirpjjxyp
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4119
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8411 :
name : xcajqlrarz
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1088
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8412 :
name : ywsinjrwgp
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8943
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8413 :
name : mzknicaccs
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1770
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8414 :
name : qqdiyrtrpb
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 696
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8415 :
name : eidoxoqxsv
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5917
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8416 :
name : wzgzjfsdyi
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2946
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8417 :
name : rinvyklpjd
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2073
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8418 :
name : oykvaucsza
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1043
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8419 :
name : nhraermpiv
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1221
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8420 :
name : ilxsixmksl
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9272
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8421 :
name : clxvnbmzsv
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2396
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8422 :
name : obvmwdlipf
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3721
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8423 :
name : srmpmbsabm
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4991
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8424 :
name : mbxkptpddf
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5090
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8425 :
name : lghzxvbrwe
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4355
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8426 :
name : xwkwgbpvev
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 333
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8427 :
name : lzmsalqbfm
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2986
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8428 :
name : qlqchwdztk
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3620
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8429 :
name : edkswlgool
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 376
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8430 :
name : rzuhbefffz
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3862
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8431 :
name : iyvvrtgzhw
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7037
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8432 :
name : gzsaitgoal
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5469
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8433 :
name : iwidrbyzah
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 271
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8434 :
name : kauebdajtc
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 123
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8435 :
name : ftupyosypu
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2689
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8436 :
name : ckiyqldqxw
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5757
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8437 :
name : gwbdmbtgai
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5083
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8438 :
name : intsmjgpcd
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7552
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8439 :
name : gdmjgalbhn
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9289
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8440 :
name : drjykvkqmo
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9032
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8441 :
name : daepmmqznz
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6376
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8442 :
name : eqxnojkazx
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3528
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8443 :
name : ygrewfqoed
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1343
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8444 :
name : icshsjrcjs
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1384
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8445 :
name : fbkyggdwwh
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5648
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8446 :
name : emlytdjkgv
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1538
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8447 :
name : azmkyusdso
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3970
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8448 :
name : iqiurczaoh
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6746
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8449 :
name : btnpdnjwqc
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3711
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8450 :
name : tuidqzhqcw
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1004
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8451 :
name : fqjufohrmz
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1716
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8452 :
name : vmhfqyhzoj
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 6039
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8453 :
name : asulmbavum
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7968
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8454 :
name : ayvieninny
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4464
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8455 :
name : pfrjqdnsah
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9212
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8456 :
name : gxxbhdrpqe
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5671
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8457 :
name : oszfdslqml
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7285
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8458 :
name : hfngiujblz
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9792
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8459 :
name : hmuhrabcqn
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1646
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8460 :
name : zhymphiykv
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6078
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8461 :
name : zwawftygyq
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8090
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8462 :
name : adwzplizms
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7813
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8463 :
name : atycrdwplu
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 281
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8464 :
name : wrousgicfu
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9066
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8465 :
name : ljqjmhoiyz
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6863
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8466 :
name : tmnhhhprjv
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 854
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8467 :
name : uiylrkuist
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 890
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8468 :
name : vkzluisjze
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6943
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8469 :
name : zcqznkkhse
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7736
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8470 :
name : rzfqmbyenx
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9172
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8471 :
name : uvdmvswhzq
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1707
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8472 :
name : piguasyzzl
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1907
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8473 :
name : hgzmswerdg
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2211
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8474 :
name : rsrapssptt
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1040
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8475 :
name : hqnicgfjzk
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6576
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8476 :
name : lqgcqxwlmr
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 936
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8477 :
name : qqngbrmgcn
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8172
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8478 :
name : lfjuhbrgoe
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5773
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8479 :
name : rbvghwavec
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7093
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8480 :
name : mtxxnhbgnp
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7981
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8481 :
name : pyykhhihco
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3599
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8482 :
name : duqctfjuow
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7252
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8483 :
name : glievrlfyp
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7744
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8484 :
name : ajltleavzo
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3856
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8485 :
name : yktiqqzdwz
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2526
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8486 :
name : aaglvurvrs
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9694
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8487 :
name : nbdikualxw
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5229
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8488 :
name : lwruhooykf
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5292
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8489 :
name : ilamvmiwyf
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7618
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8490 :
name : pwdiqmxgmj
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1560
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8491 :
name : enpebltjhr
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8733
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8492 :
name : lfkqpccmio
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 537
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8493 :
name : ygopnpaiaj
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5808
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8494 :
name : bsqnifrkuz
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5703
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8495 :
name : vsakipbkxe
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3290
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8496 :
name : ioxabffspz
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3058
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8497 :
name : lmfnypfcbe
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1038
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8498 :
name : mpykrbrwvj
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2606
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8499 :
name : leuqtsfyuh
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 777
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8500 :
name : rycrittaqo
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4058
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8501 :
name : mvngogbvhv
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8067
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8502 :
name : newqvhjqjb
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1604
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8503 :
name : aybnfrugnb
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 540
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8504 :
name : pvknliuwaf
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 638
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8505 :
name : huuljbcdjr
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5808
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8506 :
name : rmpeacowyo
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1761
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8507 :
name : rpklatoezx
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6167
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8508 :
name : ictzgtbwsb
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8169
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8509 :
name : qescquxezw
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3649
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8510 :
name : nyigzrcanw
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7391
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8511 :
name : xtssxkmvql
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4965
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8512 :
name : oomzxlqznd
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7447
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8513 :
name : vqqninxxko
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6511
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8514 :
name : xlwjktvaui
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4922
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8515 :
name : wjamxlbwio
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7387
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8516 :
name : bubzdluymo
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5040
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8517 :
name : rgtuuqfypn
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9974
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8518 :
name : zjsajyldyz
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9102
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8519 :
name : dvcxpxpuxg
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4659
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8520 :
name : grcbtnbfrz
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7574
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8521 :
name : dflfecewyb
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 87
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8522 :
name : ftviwpvxwo
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7552
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8523 :
name : ukmhqqkumi
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9607
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8524 :
name : wqyryuivte
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2214
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8525 :
name : njmzresdag
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9558
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8526 :
name : bbzbtzwbur
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6574
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8527 :
name : nchzeadwdd
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 8559
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8528 :
name : ndaoetncwj
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3381
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8529 :
name : quazveaacf
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7269
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8530 :
name : vxlvlsqauo
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7294
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8531 :
name : qvwsvuyxua
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5836
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8532 :
name : nyjzvwrlwn
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7727
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8533 :
name : ipjgjgaidx
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 496
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8534 :
name : mfivgduzqq
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1673
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8535 :
name : ochzlrflzk
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7300
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8536 :
name : ewgmtmsnlk
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 8553
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8537 :
name : xyyezjxexy
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3049
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8538 :
name : jorrcnfwcq
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1570
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8539 :
name : litmptxmzu
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8099
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8540 :
name : zgstzwietk
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5052
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8541 :
name : sbalnpgkdg
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2449
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8542 :
name : aovujuqryl
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2740
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8543 :
name : dvldgyunkz
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 979
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8544 :
name : hvxdpgxhyw
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7399
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8545 :
name : cpanuiloxy
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2062
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8546 :
name : apixszdsjd
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 694
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8547 :
name : mlgoyazmry
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2814
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8548 :
name : gdgrabsgtd
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4614
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8549 :
name : afgguhgvtx
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 239
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8550 :
name : xvqeoqhgwc
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2172
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8551 :
name : ivepdawmvr
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3243
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8552 :
name : ipayvqrcxp
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2890
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8553 :
name : wcebrhbptz
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5785
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8554 :
name : vomypiogmn
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3379
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8555 :
name : htslulsyao
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1216
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8556 :
name : smbekqobyd
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 6199
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8557 :
name : mamfliqfgr
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7558
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8558 :
name : mghpntfbuf
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5999
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8559 :
name : vrghwtpoyy
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 66
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8560 :
name : ytrfieyphv
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4181
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8561 :
name : srjyahrqyr
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5076
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8562 :
name : wrhnyprzga
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5207
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8563 :
name : jaquyrerjc
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6148
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8564 :
name : usmbhmtalb
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5689
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8565 :
name : darvuroyix
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9869
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8566 :
name : tehhfotaoh
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9499
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8567 :
name : klhbgevvcd
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7753
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8568 :
name : notwvamobc
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4442
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8569 :
name : aaykbgoybq
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9398
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8570 :
name : mqffmcizql
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3757
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8571 :
name : fxedhhjvgn
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9238
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8572 :
name : exclfpnnqf
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3086
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8573 :
name : bvlhaspjnx
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6038
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8574 :
name : vplaasrpfh
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4373
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8575 :
name : quqbbqvsbk
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 864
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8576 :
name : aydnyffrvm
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 844
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8577 :
name : oreguiyqaa
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3201
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8578 :
name : rqqwfqcnhz
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4640
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8579 :
name : djdkqxsops
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3841
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8580 :
name : hmbxihqmuz
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5406
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8581 :
name : tiaysqxmgn
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4762
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8582 :
name : qafszqbpev
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2697
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8583 :
name : jtejrybokh
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9553
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8584 :
name : afkhzlxabc
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3921
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8585 :
name : qanxlgxmwk
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8150
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8586 :
name : nctzkskjun
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8678
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8587 :
name : balqzxwwlt
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7504
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8588 :
name : lwofvazikw
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7910
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8589 :
name : agjoxinvey
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4589
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8590 :
name : uzvkgslhax
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6825
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8591 :
name : fxlolkwygd
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4415
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8592 :
name : obljlrcyac
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 499
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8593 :
name : hbytqmdokj
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4433
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8594 :
name : uyrfjfyldy
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7635
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8595 :
name : hayivquafg
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2527
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8596 :
name : iokcttjtfm
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3112
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8597 :
name : mjrnrmdnnk
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1192
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8598 :
name : vwjfacyjvf
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4197
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8599 :
name : scajptyuhn
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6827
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8600 :
name : hnpqsqusbr
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 8576
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8601 :
name : yspaegteac
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 808
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8602 :
name : ymkoeegaxh
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9778
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8603 :
name : waqnawtuav
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2604
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8604 :
name : aeknsoraqo
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9974
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8605 :
name : jpkzckvxgv
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5169
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8606 :
name : kypwlimekc
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5104
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8607 :
name : upceqgrldx
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5655
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8608 :
name : pitfegpqlz
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8367
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8609 :
name : jacmessvgy
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8269
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8610 :
name : rrxnwctnue
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1573
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8611 :
name : xuubgzvawb
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4035
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8612 :
name : hqkediiwxf
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6055
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8613 :
name : omqlpymlyi
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5121
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8614 :
name : xpljwotenq
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4950
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8615 :
name : zwspjhnvsm
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 164
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8616 :
name : gehupdiijx
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9202
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8617 :
name : tbylrhugep
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 997
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8618 :
name : poywknzuwl
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 877
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8619 :
name : iycjlvsgbx
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4602
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8620 :
name : aityhdogam
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7653
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8621 :
name : lkyntlinrj
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6294
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8622 :
name : lyugybmmhm
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2175
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8623 :
name : dwmdjfprvi
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6394
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8624 :
name : ixdcfbdrqn
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9417
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8625 :
name : qpzduiklbh
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6658
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8626 :
name : ybrdgwgjqy
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7388
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8627 :
name : sfyskucwgg
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1789
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8628 :
name : ixazagxisp
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5828
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8629 :
name : uqkukwqpuw
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 107
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8630 :
name : ztuauwirfa
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8940
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8631 :
name : wqcimngcca
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6822
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8632 :
name : ybhvdbtlsy
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3013
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8633 :
name : ybnblzorcs
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6820
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8634 :
name : hthoqkrjwl
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1146
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8635 :
name : kvsywdzmwb
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5119
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8636 :
name : niduwthped
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 66
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8637 :
name : eaiyagbzux
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2877
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8638 :
name : uwjzrhsywx
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5212
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8639 :
name : yymiwmqznk
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2193
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8640 :
name : lhwwgnfbnb
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8079
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8641 :
name : omkcwionjb
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7283
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8642 :
name : svdqulezmr
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4033
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8643 :
name : wtmjvitlvd
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1393
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8644 :
name : icantwzxwl
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 137
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8645 :
name : abzomuyfhw
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8548
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8646 :
name : wjgyxzvwyt
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 8161
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8647 :
name : alwzbivaqc
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4966
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8648 :
name : dlnklkliik
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1388
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8649 :
name : uxstyubvwr
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2581
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8650 :
name : xcwkmhwaqg
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4637
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8651 :
name : hjobcnxeit
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8254
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8652 :
name : wrjsdycayu
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6990
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8653 :
name : epgtrliopq
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9489
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8654 :
name : jwztoctsct
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2672
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8655 :
name : cejkzcvhsm
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8528
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8656 :
name : jkwifmkahn
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6527
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8657 :
name : rcacozemhx
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3598
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8658 :
name : dkxzscofev
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3317
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8659 :
name : kjbmoqlseu
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4898
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8660 :
name : pwsmynrosv
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 202
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8661 :
name : snpuzfmlyq
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9477
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8662 :
name : eclzojmhzg
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7353
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8663 :
name : ysbpoavcnv
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5529
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8664 :
name : bximwyvkgw
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2561
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8665 :
name : vkfwcwzxyo
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 8854
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8666 :
name : rjlbvicsui
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3616
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8667 :
name : isknqolpnk
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9122
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8668 :
name : tjzekwompj
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3331
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8669 :
name : xbujrkxcck
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3114
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8670 :
name : joikvtgjhx
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3144
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8671 :
name : dobxxuhxwl
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4274
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8672 :
name : tmvbyqwgbe
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4575
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8673 :
name : lkcohciqzf
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9925
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8674 :
name : ysxvwxnsep
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9934
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8675 :
name : byzgmiivaj
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1572
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8676 :
name : fwwesschni
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7861
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8677 :
name : hnwiviqffs
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6180
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8678 :
name : dqczxwubdh
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8527
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8679 :
name : sieoqzxiee
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7213
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8680 :
name : tawvcttyuz
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8886
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8681 :
name : usozieafmh
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4528
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8682 :
name : jtpirtbmry
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6518
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8683 :
name : kjrykafmht
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 281
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8684 :
name : vipmqifuuy
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6847
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8685 :
name : thfnipnpew
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1161
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8686 :
name : lohcczkjth
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5100
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8687 :
name : jwurlegytk
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3363
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8688 :
name : ianrdprnym
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 223
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8689 :
name : nvgjmsousj
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1760
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8690 :
name : mbfzviomvo
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9028
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8691 :
name : drymbmgrha
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4915
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8692 :
name : ugkzgfjwth
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8614
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8693 :
name : eoqfcrriky
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5939
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8694 :
name : xxpiyvpitj
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7076
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8695 :
name : dwftbhmvrw
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8596
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8696 :
name : tjdirdfhnb
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9354
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8697 :
name : acthwwqitj
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 8190
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8698 :
name : rpkwaczfln
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2386
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8699 :
name : qugleehupb
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2395
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8700 :
name : tkhdgjhfpu
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3592
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8701 :
name : feqmpusyqh
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5714
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8702 :
name : xmxfsdozlf
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 116
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8703 :
name : adbqrskjrb
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1230
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8704 :
name : nuckbuqrwd
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4671
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8705 :
name : giujzlclvv
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2864
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8706 :
name : fbginjefda
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7919
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8707 :
name : kbsektsohp
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5778
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8708 :
name : piqysehxlk
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5571
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8709 :
name : ygqtkaoerx
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8092
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8710 :
name : kqqdoijxhu
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4029
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8711 :
name : dzjtuvwkan
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5322
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8712 :
name : ztkpwyzfxj
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5741
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8713 :
name : vujgnfbjpd
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1880
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8714 :
name : tpedgadhia
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3791
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8715 :
name : uhudnikrrb
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9672
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8716 :
name : lozrrfswoa
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4339
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8717 :
name : kddfisnsjg
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4153
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8718 :
name : gkqfbhmvgb
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1243
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8719 :
name : fstkxbdmvm
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3753
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8720 :
name : wxzmfcvrab
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2601
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8721 :
name : woxpywsbip
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 85
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8722 :
name : tgruuyyqpy
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1085
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8723 :
name : byiaqhwkkg
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 401
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8724 :
name : abttxotvgk
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5901
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8725 :
name : rvcbvsktev
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3292
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8726 :
name : ihnccmsviy
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1684
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8727 :
name : bxtdbqxljb
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3789
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8728 :
name : umzkqdwibg
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2365
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8729 :
name : kjnfoovnze
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2117
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8730 :
name : gvyhhpkfzl
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7429
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8731 :
name : knbxspnqem
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4141
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8732 :
name : itohavymcx
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9226
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8733 :
name : xgeyfypsqt
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 571
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8734 :
name : jmvzvxwtjy
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9058
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8735 :
name : gtomuumjmd
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2341
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8736 :
name : selnfgmbzx
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2660
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8737 :
name : rwjhifbvqq
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4432
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8738 :
name : kiwxxbdlee
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2267
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8739 :
name : lkrwszbvwu
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6652
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8740 :
name : khuiftmkeq
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3273
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8741 :
name : rcviznjckg
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8001
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8742 :
name : pycjijfuuj
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8891
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8743 :
name : jyeeidtsid
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8350
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8744 :
name : utuzdfikze
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4114
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8745 :
name : tfuyjddcxl
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2039
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8746 :
name : qdxncasnmr
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2255
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8747 :
name : ycisctxgxw
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5260
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8748 :
name : zgtwtyyllk
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7136
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8749 :
name : xishdubcca
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8886
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8750 :
name : vvtptmnrzy
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9659
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8751 :
name : qwbidgegih
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2728
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8752 :
name : skdmzxamoc
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9171
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8753 :
name : aindssjxzu
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7374
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8754 :
name : jdiprhmuvc
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6875
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8755 :
name : niicmdvxau
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8315
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8756 :
name : agwlvosjkq
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3638
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8757 :
name : bwymakpvir
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1324
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8758 :
name : qyfmjccdmm
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9703
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8759 :
name : kygjmhvbef
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2308
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8760 :
name : fjtmyerckf
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2536
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8761 :
name : nybuhnderh
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5532
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8762 :
name : byounmbgpl
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6383
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8763 :
name : vfrybanefg
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4077
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8764 :
name : zwkntxaudr
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 464
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8765 :
name : swokwrkmyr
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1327
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8766 :
name : slgdbzcbti
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7711
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8767 :
name : jlcxvaqimo
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6945
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8768 :
name : mehsjirmlm
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5779
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8769 :
name : tdlxcjytrm
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6290
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8770 :
name : pajyusilgv
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8685
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8771 :
name : ckepihygcr
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5913
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8772 :
name : qfdbfxwnkc
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9304
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8773 :
name : gqlkhttgzx
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7260
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8774 :
name : ocosdtpbia
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2142
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8775 :
name : mvaxhisdqt
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4171
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8776 :
name : wcdmuiilks
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1990
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8777 :
name : xncymjiemy
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 544
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8778 :
name : ojetwacgmo
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 591
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8779 :
name : nnnrlzavdp
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1597
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8780 :
name : izxpuvpybb
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2472
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8781 :
name : bjeparodmu
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7623
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8782 :
name : kitixnfpmh
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2326
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8783 :
name : cxgjmhacmp
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8537
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8784 :
name : qfolpobvdp
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1676
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8785 :
name : otmveaefeq
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7407
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8786 :
name : elfuwvizsn
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8888
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8787 :
name : aukorpqvuw
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 526
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8788 :
name : zptfmscwrw
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8907
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8789 :
name : jxitncifze
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6355
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8790 :
name : dcsyjeqnak
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9603
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8791 :
name : ioiskvuscu
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3838
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8792 :
name : lwndxxjpmm
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6711
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8793 :
name : kdusyeqsys
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7337
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8794 :
name : jlpxqmwcci
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6273
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8795 :
name : oyeitcojxo
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3669
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8796 :
name : hlaykqngur
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 799
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8797 :
name : vnzcxueldb
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5040
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8798 :
name : cbyczjuorp
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6366
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8799 :
name : cbxedxyiie
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8776
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8800 :
name : yafyehjzxb
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1678
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8801 :
name : vwkvaosayc
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6988
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8802 :
name : vpkdqpmzqj
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4683
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8803 :
name : xjxiexywyw
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3758
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8804 :
name : nnnaqdpcdh
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9606
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8805 :
name : oafmkjliil
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9635
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8806 :
name : obobbfhsjm
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1930
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8807 :
name : peyusifesp
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1619
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8808 :
name : zxoobpvije
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 109
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8809 :
name : aedaavkgbc
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3075
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8810 :
name : pveelfvgph
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 6638
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8811 :
name : qnjvnjqxpu
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6114
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8812 :
name : tugxaueyav
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5829
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8813 :
name : lmpuhcdabv
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1567
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8814 :
name : veedeexkey
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3560
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8815 :
name : obudxcidej
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9413
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8816 :
name : xfpditkieo
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3789
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8817 :
name : gjeapbexei
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2951
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8818 :
name : twxjbielqi
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9017
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8819 :
name : zifdiugprn
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1136
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8820 :
name : kzujkxrpjh
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2702
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8821 :
name : dvxiyhcewt
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5515
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8822 :
name : szdoiomadx
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4897
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8823 :
name : zwvyevfgce
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6503
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8824 :
name : eqjhesxsuc
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2150
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8825 :
name : hawfyacgie
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 6907
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8826 :
name : mqzwzfqxym
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7842
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8827 :
name : ssrozsrbyb
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7984
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8828 :
name : yyqzwpgoog
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8985
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8829 :
name : nosgeryxvy
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 3835
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8830 :
name : ionypkqxye
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7123
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8831 :
name : xrlpxpjwne
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1670
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8832 :
name : wpulolxeiy
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1888
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8833 :
name : wejhvhyefl
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5472
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8834 :
name : drwzdmkast
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6818
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8835 :
name : cxrngnwftb
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8226
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8836 :
name : lxrjxwvjyn
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2819
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8837 :
name : dqyxdgkclf
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8490
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8838 :
name : nwxgfwcdga
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 440
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8839 :
name : aqqanwgzyu
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3737
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8840 :
name : ahkznrwpue
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3731
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8841 :
name : rvphvefdff
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6272
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8842 :
name : zbpjbccztx
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 31
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8843 :
name : jmabwxfdbl
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8900
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8844 :
name : fvdugeyidt
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4566
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8845 :
name : lbsncqljum
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8143
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8846 :
name : qawuwcaukg
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1709
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8847 :
name : wgmrtqheab
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 761
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8848 :
name : jxsftphulu
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6895
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8849 :
name : zramitcrae
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1774
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8850 :
name : vnznsuecqq
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5396
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8851 :
name : nlenzmiedk
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3064
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8852 :
name : egrfwjaanq
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5778
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8853 :
name : yylcnmqyqv
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3775
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8854 :
name : autrzpabpq
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9226
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8855 :
name : bbwodjatjr
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3999
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8856 :
name : embxdbmgce
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1095
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8857 :
name : lacjohtpcc
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 8423
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8858 :
name : eisfgxiudn
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5006
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8859 :
name : lczpnqxghb
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5883
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8860 :
name : cnbwvhtfex
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6787
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8861 :
name : zrzbgmtfva
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 302
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8862 :
name : khhldevxjz
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1390
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8863 :
name : cwbbzjqsrn
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6160
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8864 :
name : ovnxgsddpp
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2692
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8865 :
name : dmigqhribi
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5751
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8866 :
name : qibdijvlnn
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9385
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8867 :
name : kaqsggbyoe
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4272
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8868 :
name : hhnkmvwjhj
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7111
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8869 :
name : gjfweoehou
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3822
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8870 :
name : kzyzjmvhwe
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6862
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8871 :
name : sbfazlofse
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7857
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8872 :
name : ssxqridoqz
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2240
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8873 :
name : pyguyfhokz
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4407
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8874 :
name : inlfdfnitd
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1311
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8875 :
name : rwsystdzhq
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1498
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8876 :
name : xskizppnaj
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7414
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8877 :
name : rymjyeebdo
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2867
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8878 :
name : pujbeiquxq
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3833
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8879 :
name : styfewjjyn
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4664
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8880 :
name : jgmshrbzny
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1713
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8881 :
name : pmpnrtkdek
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8514
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8882 :
name : yuckpldqls
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2247
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8883 :
name : gynvnfrzkx
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9534
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8884 :
name : zrjebyrhqe
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4516
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8885 :
name : isqwqfdjhn
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8918
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8886 :
name : gncrtgsmni
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6714
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8887 :
name : llvbhnjmyq
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4187
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8888 :
name : wajyreejqt
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5913
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8889 :
name : mzvhccwnqw
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9986
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8890 :
name : zklkkeopqg
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9353
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8891 :
name : yhctqfxpup
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4605
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8892 :
name : tryebikrza
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9351
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8893 :
name : qopsjizgxu
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9073
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8894 :
name : iwsgcuqons
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7965
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8895 :
name : mvncqwkrej
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8876
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8896 :
name : upepxilqxy
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8473
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8897 :
name : jytzcjxoac
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7052
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8898 :
name : mnnqcmzncy
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5001
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8899 :
name : hhxaiblgqo
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2323
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8900 :
name : bduouwbvkf
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 635
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8901 :
name : oodnrmpcsh
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6519
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8902 :
name : byzxottrqf
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5376
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8903 :
name : xdgbrxnich
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5996
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8904 :
name : gotflhahbq
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6198
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8905 :
name : tnuaonzdvd
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8511
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8906 :
name : tgomncvqjy
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4653
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8907 :
name : pfzkhpxhtv
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2146
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8908 :
name : jhnatccrsl
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1023
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8909 :
name : uhwtteirnd
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9132
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8910 :
name : qjvdjpflia
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8048
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8911 :
name : uazqvswelj
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1480
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8912 :
name : xiiuntlvet
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7120
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8913 :
name : myjnqginkv
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8826
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8914 :
name : ygzibobmlh
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6826
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8915 :
name : tpkefblpqx
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 38
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8916 :
name : kjaltdzwql
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7488
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8917 :
name : kisumxxxon
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4195
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8918 :
name : wawylpenmu
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5823
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8919 :
name : vfonccnbcb
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1605
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8920 :
name : prulrhcvuq
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3811
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8921 :
name : qezgudihfm
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9614
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8922 :
name : feizpzgtvb
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5154
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8923 :
name : rmcrswucfb
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1110
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8924 :
name : ojjyiayrtv
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3682
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8925 :
name : hjpmcjkwmq
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 75
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8926 :
name : lorumbuksp
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1670
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8927 :
name : aypqkrzvpn
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6463
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8928 :
name : aidtcpuycn
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2548
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8929 :
name : fpbwfnpgkf
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5871
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8930 :
name : jqcojgeggg
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2904
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8931 :
name : uezvcgkspv
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6055
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8932 :
name : rfsttdazlg
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1209
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8933 :
name : ptloqnxahm
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2698
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8934 :
name : aljugeagel
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1683
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8935 :
name : bidmztbywl
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1848
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8936 :
name : tlacghhipn
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1777
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8937 :
name : lqkoelkijg
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1420
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8938 :
name : pgsriayriq
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9795
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8939 :
name : wqjhgqsqyc
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1674
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8940 :
name : erlyiwyjng
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7698
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8941 :
name : curobxgvqg
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3916
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8942 :
name : efhqdqmdbb
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9448
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8943 :
name : yzrppupvqh
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1398
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8944 :
name : ogxvyalmdm
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9397
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8945 :
name : ookhdbcuwu
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 786
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8946 :
name : eplbkkeyyj
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5759
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8947 :
name : lpuxwzyauw
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7396
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8948 :
name : yonjryvxww
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1925
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8949 :
name : sscmpzmpbi
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9096
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8950 :
name : ggwtrptpnr
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 405
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8951 :
name : nsxqeorsds
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1003
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8952 :
name : aoewhxodmb
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 996
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8953 :
name : ckrbcvptou
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4099
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8954 :
name : ggmmfujtxw
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2484
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8955 :
name : uxclyejnxz
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1084
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8956 :
name : ozbaniwwbv
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 8602
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8957 :
name : fmpjypnhem
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8451
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8958 :
name : tlhwoueksh
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5985
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8959 :
name : yerpnpgcyk
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8692
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8960 :
name : fjpmhfilqa
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4034
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8961 :
name : sadkrsbxuc
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3281
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8962 :
name : mnkebrjjfb
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9444
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8963 :
name : aucfguxjtt
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2668
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8964 :
name : ggzqkahumm
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3857
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8965 :
name : obtshzogji
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 952
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8966 :
name : ynxzdjcnfo
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 363
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8967 :
name : ndfhwmgmvr
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1839
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8968 :
name : ciubjxllmq
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2298
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8969 :
name : xdfdkdrsrm
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4254
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8970 :
name : qchkerjpcw
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8835
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8971 :
name : lawsfgxxzp
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8278
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8972 :
name : cllkxpbggd
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4566
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8973 :
name : dctbubiuyj
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4231
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8974 :
name : fqrqcoidvq
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5081
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8975 :
name : zxsvzowjiw
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9608
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8976 :
name : mvcdnesvkn
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2131
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8977 :
name : ewnyrmnpxx
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7458
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8978 :
name : ceceipjant
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2949
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8979 :
name : dktqimexbb
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6971
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8980 :
name : zsldxtvgti
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8470
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8981 :
name : iuyeliqpiu
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8367
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8982 :
name : pnnbqkwlsq
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9253
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8983 :
name : orhovsznjh
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9323
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8984 :
name : hjbumthjhb
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 98
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8985 :
name : lqcsgzmfmw
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6567
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8986 :
name : mhzpemjnvs
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4185
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8987 :
name : hzplrykgdz
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4174
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8988 :
name : lramggyrtv
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5516
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8989 :
name : rnwizpgjvm
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4495
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8990 :
name : uutwhzchtx
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3118
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8991 :
name : enwayxrgin
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2317
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8992 :
name : qtvjpelulg
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4605
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8993 :
name : rcapeyoyhw
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2750
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 8994 :
name : ssppdgtoae
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1092
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8995 :
name : gyxindjdbq
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 236
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8996 :
name : njicaljtcl
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4258
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8997 :
name : ycbxlqautc
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9631
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 8998 :
name : grvovxagqc
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1329
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8999 :
name : gxohuzavvt
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5447
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9000 :
name : ayexozuqgm
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9137
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9001 :
name : qdvemrgmmb
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8290
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9002 :
name : yzfeytdvml
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 716
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9003 :
name : jdigixxqjm
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3014
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9004 :
name : getlithoov
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3528
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9005 :
name : jwrtebqdrc
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7640
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9006 :
name : pzvinecwuq
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8989
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9007 :
name : efexzkyrop
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8826
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9008 :
name : qgamrnstlm
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 920
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9009 :
name : qiewffhfwv
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6575
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9010 :
name : dmtdakssfd
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3352
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9011 :
name : dffjcmojrn
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5250
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9012 :
name : slwlqwyiqd
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4083
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9013 :
name : ryryjtkycd
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1117
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9014 :
name : bkgzxxyxfo
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8784
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9015 :
name : xrnopxkcvo
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7096
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9016 :
name : sbmyalvajd
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2931
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9017 :
name : lzcbpsyzuv
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8404
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9018 :
name : hhcthfgffr
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9356
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9019 :
name : pvzrwrjuqf
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9048
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9020 :
name : kdenymuftb
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4169
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9021 :
name : yrgyifrszj
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4899
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9022 :
name : nttsirgeyb
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9969
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9023 :
name : reqzeyevsg
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3208
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9024 :
name : omxhgfbojz
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 8465
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9025 :
name : vmcnnimudg
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3629
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9026 :
name : dnuaxaiyot
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1419
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9027 :
name : jtmlhcuvwz
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 490
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9028 :
name : uhmojlprjd
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4532
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9029 :
name : jgayujaoey
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 249
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9030 :
name : vvthjcvawg
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6622
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9031 :
name : yypzwliwbp
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7916
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9032 :
name : hnoaxacsaa
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5908
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9033 :
name : soujpquapx
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1364
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9034 :
name : httxvsxzky
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1853
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9035 :
name : adtwmjmild
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6596
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9036 :
name : vehqdcjbbv
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5089
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9037 :
name : jjsffhospz
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 408
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9038 :
name : pjawcdaled
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 580
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9039 :
name : yayqfexvyp
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5749
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9040 :
name : imvikxnmku
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3362
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9041 :
name : qzkrrsxrpv
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6479
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9042 :
name : ceyaokxbzk
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 892
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9043 :
name : prvzimthdj
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 162
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9044 :
name : gzngbbtbfu
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 208
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9045 :
name : hfvcgdqclu
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6452
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9046 :
name : pqoezpiusn
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8516
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9047 :
name : vkaqmjvcli
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2333
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9048 :
name : mxacdbulvm
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1253
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9049 :
name : npyqfkzapm
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7723
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9050 :
name : wxwwaaaunx
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9736
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9051 :
name : xoxweeifgz
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3690
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9052 :
name : obalxanzua
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7135
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9053 :
name : yhrvdxboci
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4170
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9054 :
name : avbagacvay
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6821
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9055 :
name : fkoyiuvjkx
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3535
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9056 :
name : uvbvvjyzey
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1940
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9057 :
name : ghaufkqdva
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8201
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9058 :
name : gpdjnaslzw
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6658
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9059 :
name : nsgpoozfru
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8710
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9060 :
name : tpiwyvwqix
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5298
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9061 :
name : vfzdunrvsi
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 77
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9062 :
name : uwzctzzrsj
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7905
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9063 :
name : lhdmlxacuu
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3625
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9064 :
name : gnlhsggtyy
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6188
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9065 :
name : hzjlluknyf
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8794
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9066 :
name : imwvvqecjc
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4772
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9067 :
name : svbbgovscw
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7606
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9068 :
name : qchoaceegp
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2767
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9069 :
name : ittlvbbsud
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7478
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9070 :
name : kssrgsvkyc
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1522
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9071 :
name : nrbhewigqe
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 451
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9072 :
name : qnbkghdbtb
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7385
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9073 :
name : pitsryobeh
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3311
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9074 :
name : xafyknhppa
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2679
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9075 :
name : wszslqqbrw
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5354
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9076 :
name : gxjnvwbelq
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7393
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9077 :
name : dzacrnujqo
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5724
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9078 :
name : zzzimwepbs
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8865
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9079 :
name : exigcbvyln
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4513
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9080 :
name : qbmrlbnsqq
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6515
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9081 :
name : gmrquvupuh
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6472
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9082 :
name : nlpbebesvx
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4878
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9083 :
name : rrekjagdsc
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8267
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9084 :
name : zbeoeirjcm
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9712
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9085 :
name : numtgwtmzn
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6207
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9086 :
name : bcdhqhpiqs
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6726
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9087 :
name : ajzncglxuk
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2915
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9088 :
name : yysdhklxud
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6227
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9089 :
name : hawhpapaxj
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6691
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9090 :
name : mmggporcnn
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7591
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9091 :
name : trgrawrpyp
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4710
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9092 :
name : hmnoucclhr
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5294
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9093 :
name : dbqjuthmkg
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 3972
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9094 :
name : ukzhatmeht
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9999
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9095 :
name : hvszgnsozd
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1979
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9096 :
name : boqcvswjwd
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6138
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9097 :
name : ctixtpknfl
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4124
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9098 :
name : vmkopignrd
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7829
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9099 :
name : khgsgzjsoq
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8112
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9100 :
name : sqecgtkmge
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4535
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9101 :
name : mansuttemi
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2748
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9102 :
name : hkenmkjxwr
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2081
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9103 :
name : vtiimcehiq
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5256
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9104 :
name : vpfzdtjmsi
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 403
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9105 :
name : itwqbishrb
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 253
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9106 :
name : dehkemfpay
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5630
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9107 :
name : yjwuzzeuhv
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4317
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9108 :
name : wkufwatbrt
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7151
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9109 :
name : dvebrddvzk
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6441
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9110 :
name : itpeanetrv
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5665
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9111 :
name : juonxfsacs
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7473
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9112 :
name : wnlntldxgu
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1019
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9113 :
name : iuewhcezcg
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4512
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9114 :
name : tkjgzercbz
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5130
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9115 :
name : cvcgtliznn
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3257
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9116 :
name : yfejlenfgq
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2130
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9117 :
name : yapaikotkb
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1174
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9118 :
name : ckigvukkzt
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2103
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9119 :
name : sndhqorejd
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3988
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9120 :
name : bqnjzidjse
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 411
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9121 :
name : luzrdrhxxq
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5482
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9122 :
name : izlxkkfovz
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 126
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9123 :
name : gozfheyobv
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9940
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9124 :
name : svfduppzdk
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7043
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9125 :
name : rbqqjzwhpa
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4931
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9126 :
name : kwdpbxeqyk
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3179
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9127 :
name : mgzfyievru
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6906
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9128 :
name : ynzdcbditd
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7443
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9129 :
name : ztsayricoa
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1575
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9130 :
name : zobzrdcunv
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1069
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9131 :
name : gflagjtooh
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4599
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9132 :
name : eosfnkkpga
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7707
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9133 :
name : ensqpybjor
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2639
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9134 :
name : kpkdxanjpv
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 981
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9135 :
name : qeakwqixzz
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5117
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9136 :
name : ehsokpqzag
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3321
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9137 :
name : wtryenoonn
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6458
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9138 :
name : hzkzqvqgwr
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1996
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9139 :
name : qzqixwxmkk
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3591
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9140 :
name : rsxcrpzkvv
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8314
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9141 :
name : lymbilzgxk
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5691
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9142 :
name : jabicvxbft
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3568
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9143 :
name : uzqidbtcht
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1373
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9144 :
name : fkjjslgqpl
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1346
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9145 :
name : lobdweerhn
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5166
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9146 :
name : xoigxaudsj
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 280
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9147 :
name : bylcdhjizs
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4032
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9148 :
name : ligvofwkio
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1261
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9149 :
name : rvldaomjwl
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7352
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9150 :
name : reozzfexpo
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 137
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9151 :
name : bbbmebcrmz
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7790
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9152 :
name : bwlqxnvbkk
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5122
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9153 :
name : dikgwojzhv
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1471
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9154 :
name : ryqfonslrc
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4038
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9155 :
name : lyavexmnyt
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7828
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9156 :
name : bovttkgnvz
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5013
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9157 :
name : agpcdwbpjz
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8990
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9158 :
name : wvgsqbezoz
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2272
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9159 :
name : migdnmzobj
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7686
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9160 :
name : xmeggvhkuw
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5231
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9161 :
name : cunlyaxzpy
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7750
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9162 :
name : upiaxoxeat
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7645
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9163 :
name : rhresrhpqw
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 3952
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9164 :
name : xyjgbgwynx
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4174
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9165 :
name : hdzyjrrqgi
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6438
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9166 :
name : fnarvbztam
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6443
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9167 :
name : uljtlskdjs
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2664
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9168 :
name : rfcsyxtysv
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2090
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9169 :
name : zkbkfndpqo
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3884
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9170 :
name : aukcojzkju
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9210
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9171 :
name : tcyxneksva
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3548
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9172 :
name : kueuwvdyfo
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 795
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9173 :
name : yssypfczxa
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7782
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9174 :
name : rssxprsupz
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5481
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9175 :
name : btattsaytx
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7389
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9176 :
name : dyavxroslf
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1633
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9177 :
name : whkzcerdcm
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2836
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9178 :
name : rkhtfekuwv
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2995
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9179 :
name : hoesnjwgma
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3775
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9180 :
name : jvhqonwajt
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4650
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9181 :
name : gxrlpgunni
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7391
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9182 :
name : wakdqasnbd
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4977
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9183 :
name : sbmlmcsirh
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3734
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9184 :
name : dpxnspqner
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7819
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9185 :
name : hbjtoxxiip
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 685
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9186 :
name : skirzdhpqn
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2273
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9187 :
name : jhuudisarc
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 187
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9188 :
name : wibgbcjkuz
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 697
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9189 :
name : bjoxgrhaua
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9198
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9190 :
name : acjdjkfsvb
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6541
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9191 :
name : nhgbemvnmp
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4643
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9192 :
name : bbxmeixldu
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2080
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9193 :
name : mkkslqfgdt
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8679
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9194 :
name : fzvemznlnq
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9368
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9195 :
name : smjceuuldx
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6552
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9196 :
name : nwajaoknzz
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2274
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9197 :
name : amujoagiol
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4856
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9198 :
name : kqkkbkyoaz
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 3508
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9199 :
name : rrmndbplld
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5735
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9200 :
name : otryduldkl
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 471
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9201 :
name : qgidtnglyt
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4704
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9202 :
name : phzigdftip
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1750
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9203 :
name : gnjpsecapd
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6684
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9204 :
name : dcgdmoirjs
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1332
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9205 :
name : kfxvwrbarr
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8148
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9206 :
name : aibilnzvhi
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3017
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9207 :
name : ijxhetygur
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8034
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9208 :
name : aclbkyrlwy
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7363
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9209 :
name : ectclzxjft
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2714
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9210 :
name : xikilvjcif
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 506
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9211 :
name : cxavblxywe
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 458
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9212 :
name : tkogvzbecl
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6729
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9213 :
name : mespctcztz
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6726
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9214 :
name : fmpvsmvvsz
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4538
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9215 :
name : allucppeql
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9237
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9216 :
name : dmauisgdpy
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6938
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9217 :
name : imhvgjlyod
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6732
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9218 :
name : monokvjsay
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3421
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9219 :
name : tdbazkmmic
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9826
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9220 :
name : yfvnthkcam
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5501
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9221 :
name : hsplvqvjef
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4617
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9222 :
name : eisbxljhoj
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3122
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9223 :
name : nvlfgixbtc
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4805
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9224 :
name : nmzfowqxeg
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 814
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9225 :
name : qzidgqndtg
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2945
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9226 :
name : autbzjyqge
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5024
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9227 :
name : sqzcvfuikn
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6949
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9228 :
name : zeutgtegll
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6606
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9229 :
name : bmacqvjlfu
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 207
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9230 :
name : nqdjljfqrq
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4535
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9231 :
name : oihqmxnwks
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 8468
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9232 :
name : ovssfgdkwv
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7585
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9233 :
name : vxpcqccdam
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6462
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9234 :
name : bcvwuacxma
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3252
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9235 :
name : gqxytpaxta
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2991
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9236 :
name : umipkesmeg
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2126
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9237 :
name : xwkxufmwch
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5637
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9238 :
name : hmlpbvwvka
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7497
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9239 :
name : uzkewgjkcn
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7325
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9240 :
name : zbemthhrdt
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9185
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9241 :
name : gjdspbyaoa
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4951
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9242 :
name : spgybbfksi
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9870
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9243 :
name : uemzwdduer
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5628
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9244 :
name : dqwlqxovii
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2552
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9245 :
name : wpokrknwet
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1276
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9246 :
name : stqrfiovdy
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8353
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9247 :
name : utykdputla
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5047
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9248 :
name : cskujrczmi
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7052
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9249 :
name : ahjzrpqoie
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4687
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9250 :
name : vxmfsxwwyk
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5792
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9251 :
name : tcqedhtuvb
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3667
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9252 :
name : szegeyfcvd
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3151
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9253 :
name : lnibrlklhi
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 97
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9254 :
name : dglhmsgrwd
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3681
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9255 :
name : mksunkfxxn
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3663
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9256 :
name : geisoxkuqg
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6809
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9257 :
name : zryslnetlb
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8097
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9258 :
name : slcbdqapmq
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6377
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9259 :
name : srktlygprt
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8393
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9260 :
name : mbqoevhekv
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4630
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9261 :
name : cxumqfmywd
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7987
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9262 :
name : kwaakgwtki
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4971
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9263 :
name : ucgoqywdys
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4584
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9264 :
name : gzyibloxgy
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 695
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9265 :
name : rwbzluxjzy
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7053
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9266 :
name : vqztybgman
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9631
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9267 :
name : kkfnksjjbi
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1121
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9268 :
name : svgsqetxrv
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2503
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9269 :
name : piluyxphis
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1382
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9270 :
name : ncntudzpcs
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6239
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9271 :
name : wgvhatgrbp
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3072
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9272 :
name : zwfmrcrrtw
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5607
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9273 :
name : xgbtneouxp
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 825
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9274 :
name : nprvdlxwes
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2610
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9275 :
name : wcdaxsgmod
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4956
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9276 :
name : kbidwnovks
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6421
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9277 :
name : fjokjlcpxr
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 3481
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9278 :
name : kuqsxngois
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7933
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9279 :
name : mvxahgnkyn
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 6003
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9280 :
name : fhzxaykimv
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 134
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9281 :
name : hmjeoqmeak
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3646
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9282 :
name : kqklnmkauw
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4628
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9283 :
name : fzlodceqih
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9501
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9284 :
name : pucaiposrj
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4562
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9285 :
name : gpgudkyhcg
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8398
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9286 :
name : rsjturkjlc
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5519
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9287 :
name : ziciehucpw
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2075
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9288 :
name : ridcdxvnig
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9876
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9289 :
name : xnobvsjpua
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4642
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9290 :
name : qhbtjesgtb
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4656
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9291 :
name : jumxykphzj
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 6828
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9292 :
name : geojxzpsfj
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5133
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9293 :
name : xinlflvvsx
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 239
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9294 :
name : tcshoridjn
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9437
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9295 :
name : ylllxqwsnq
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5758
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9296 :
name : fyuzfispmc
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6127
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9297 :
name : ljawwzptuc
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9349
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9298 :
name : ogpjhxtzmf
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5745
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9299 :
name : zxmbwjblex
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6193
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9300 :
name : beytpfqjfe
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9820
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9301 :
name : zzunbqyedc
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4591
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9302 :
name : iprhigoyrv
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8475
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9303 :
name : abkwononrt
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8729
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9304 :
name : auurdcarcr
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3590
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9305 :
name : mviwsyjgla
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7835
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9306 :
name : bqiyincifh
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3305
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9307 :
name : xpihnchwlv
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8053
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9308 :
name : oxvzvfmapr
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 8890
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9309 :
name : awllfynmwy
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3492
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9310 :
name : qynmxlrjnj
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6319
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9311 :
name : wrrjeyhrmf
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4566
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9312 :
name : rwdekardme
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9317
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9313 :
name : vkaoteocwb
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7240
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9314 :
name : cbrggdizhu
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3564
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9315 :
name : tcuvsoahsy
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9827
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9316 :
name : jlodrwgcvn
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 6690
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9317 :
name : tdknycdajw
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 159
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9318 :
name : myoabhwjjs
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1172
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9319 :
name : zdxlsxoyyz
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8846
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9320 :
name : zilnjoxhxg
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1143
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9321 :
name : iwnfigfwed
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2074
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9322 :
name : ouibhrrebr
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 638
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9323 :
name : ymultctyaz
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6894
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9324 :
name : bxokzvdqce
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6788
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9325 :
name : gziamcegce
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5341
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9326 :
name : ymkmyljcen
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7811
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9327 :
name : zanhaalhio
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9703
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9328 :
name : jrpvfphrtl
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8931
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9329 :
name : nkvarycdhk
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2339
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9330 :
name : eafvvnleee
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2819
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9331 :
name : ghddjvdmak
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8646
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9332 :
name : tfmaajnnor
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8275
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9333 :
name : tkgxqsutew
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 48
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9334 :
name : dckpemasao
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9663
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9335 :
name : xhnggdycwc
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1357
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9336 :
name : jupvluilmk
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5381
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9337 :
name : ixsvdyadax
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8448
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9338 :
name : nxnetyydlm
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9459
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9339 :
name : xdppbspbwr
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9620
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9340 :
name : kprxtmvupi
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8921
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9341 :
name : npccgdxvhv
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5423
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9342 :
name : spcjowvlsm
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3131
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9343 :
name : phmtktzjqg
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1346
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9344 :
name : byedjsbgev
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8765
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9345 :
name : rzzdvlywwp
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4621
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9346 :
name : iwhmcrffxl
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8336
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9347 :
name : dscexxswvo
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4882
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9348 :
name : aprhevajay
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2901
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9349 :
name : skwuoutgso
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4252
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9350 :
name : iofbxjwyuw
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1859
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9351 :
name : gifffuzact
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7001
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9352 :
name : oqdtrddnbx
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 313
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9353 :
name : jwbpbglcjn
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8432
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9354 :
name : ejzidqnigo
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9378
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9355 :
name : ifejwisjkb
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9120
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9356 :
name : lsnkcsdpaj
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 6430
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9357 :
name : lgirrgbjpm
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3873
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9358 :
name : zbvonzgqqg
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1001
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9359 :
name : rrbblsjmey
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6538
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9360 :
name : qwjlmwmtpc
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5890
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9361 :
name : uioxjzsumw
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 183
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9362 :
name : uyjfmveyot
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3964
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9363 :
name : iboxyzwquk
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3022
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9364 :
name : kxttffojff
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3640
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9365 :
name : cwqqvqsrjm
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5301
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9366 :
name : xncsghzwqe
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5804
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9367 :
name : gbfytaoluz
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8904
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9368 :
name : bzodrwksua
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1813
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9369 :
name : gvbnvvomik
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2111
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9370 :
name : jmlzrevcwr
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5790
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9371 :
name : ojjrwfomrx
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4172
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9372 :
name : tpdequknwi
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9123
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9373 :
name : qkpcclhqyy
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1491
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9374 :
name : trswxjthwr
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9321
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9375 :
name : aokpqodxhb
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7798
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9376 :
name : yvotuoenxc
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9097
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9377 :
name : gbzstsjypq
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5361
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9378 :
name : lxqcskswzr
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5987
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9379 :
name : tokvhfnsdc
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5300
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9380 :
name : mmadqupisr
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3392
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9381 :
name : gbpswyyjqd
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2769
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9382 :
name : lwllbbhqlz
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 712
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9383 :
name : sowkhsiheb
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6942
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9384 :
name : afxnqyqzrb
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3345
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9385 :
name : ikbguibdrf
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5934
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9386 :
name : aieyxwyowp
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6015
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9387 :
name : foxgurrvwi
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 835
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9388 :
name : ncurarpyfl
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 697
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9389 :
name : upqtvnnmkj
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7941
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9390 :
name : yaqstqjjrr
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2311
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9391 :
name : obkhwhujwe
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2138
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9392 :
name : ihhybarmli
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4814
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9393 :
name : mirwpodlzz
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4993
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9394 :
name : brmkpnmgay
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 951
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9395 :
name : yvfqrwgxhf
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7351
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9396 :
name : huaugsjsaj
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 6014
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9397 :
name : obyvtprzma
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5223
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9398 :
name : isaimgcvad
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1063
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9399 :
name : yoywjroasa
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1684
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9400 :
name : rifttrzvpa
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 108
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9401 :
name : sxmtvvmjxh
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1083
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9402 :
name : vtkbmfuocl
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3278
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9403 :
name : hfatywqnhn
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8469
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9404 :
name : ozoaccfxsh
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2831
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9405 :
name : obdqxdonqw
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9460
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9406 :
name : mfqcfshkrz
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9691
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9407 :
name : hszmlwszmk
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 668
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9408 :
name : nbkdepylcp
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7088
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9409 :
name : pgtpsenmfz
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8215
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9410 :
name : vhthlxwjia
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9967
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9411 :
name : tjxoasuqez
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 287
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9412 :
name : uddokqnibw
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3822
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9413 :
name : kyjiolcibg
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7033
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9414 :
name : fhekxqckyf
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3340
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9415 :
name : gknrucdykg
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3292
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9416 :
name : cyoiklynvz
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2407
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9417 :
name : vkrjblnejx
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8847
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9418 :
name : zrenzpyaev
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9256
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9419 :
name : jdmaonobuz
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3430
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9420 :
name : yrmeemveob
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5781
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9421 :
name : cozopnddqx
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6591
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9422 :
name : cudoyhcwoq
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5500
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9423 :
name : azobpfptkh
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7301
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9424 :
name : kbenrfwwbk
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9065
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9425 :
name : ewbuxrzoml
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1938
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9426 :
name : mggqtaxqwa
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5014
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9427 :
name : dncehaxioj
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9377
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9428 :
name : tgpczjcwba
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5889
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9429 :
name : tfbvjkvjum
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4667
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9430 :
name : fgsvitgmsh
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3149
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9431 :
name : bryenjpksj
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 510
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9432 :
name : lcffzpzfbr
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3583
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9433 :
name : dehdiumxhh
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8495
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9434 :
name : xvdfacubky
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5470
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9435 :
name : djflmohzno
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1379
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9436 :
name : uddzigefjq
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5545
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9437 :
name : syuxlinuhd
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2042
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9438 :
name : kbzpdjvhof
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7704
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9439 :
name : vhorhzauvj
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9772
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9440 :
name : ynpzcsjabx
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9860
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9441 :
name : hnvvhewhar
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7445
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9442 :
name : luqatuscut
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1344
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9443 :
name : jchgxokvxk
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7275
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9444 :
name : pwhhyccrhw
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5171
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9445 :
name : rtgazfqlcn
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6674
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9446 :
name : ubzdlxfpqm
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6042
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9447 :
name : bfgjfhqwus
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8652
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9448 :
name : kohjrsixhb
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 395
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9449 :
name : vkndusmkqg
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8338
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9450 :
name : dylkjcerbn
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7322
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9451 :
name : rxgecczonp
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3636
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9452 :
name : ozezlndrgf
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4531
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9453 :
name : ohdwlfzkuo
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4903
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9454 :
name : ojnsiaforn
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6383
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9455 :
name : udsxzfcasy
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3600
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9456 :
name : fkxtchvjvn
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 863
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9457 :
name : xhireizjkr
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9312
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9458 :
name : aggzbkhwue
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2556
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9459 :
name : avqjnwtohd
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4007
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9460 :
name : aszgucsbbm
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1042
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9461 :
name : qfiioxehlm
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7794
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9462 :
name : ypeaxycpbf
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7387
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9463 :
name : gdsolilsry
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6099
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9464 :
name : alkhlhfqwh
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 591
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9465 :
name : fytyohicba
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3803
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9466 :
name : xtfhatqijo
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6886
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9467 :
name : jowcmklvmm
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1800
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9468 :
name : rybzheszmd
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3818
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9469 :
name : fpadupofmc
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9654
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9470 :
name : zlidkrjeqx
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6823
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9471 :
name : oydobzdrhr
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4413
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9472 :
name : krhuutlfzd
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4104
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9473 :
name : zqxegagmun
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9831
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9474 :
name : moywjupwzp
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2898
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9475 :
name : wqxvweycqu
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4803
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9476 :
name : vyouuzqlxs
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5810
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9477 :
name : byiawfgwjw
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1897
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9478 :
name : rzihvegoqg
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3694
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9479 :
name : aerihnpnjz
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9867
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9480 :
name : mxgxfcbnsr
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1931
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9481 :
name : cfivnpkfct
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9309
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9482 :
name : duqktxovkg
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7495
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9483 :
name : hdqpafelkh
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9010
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9484 :
name : qgviqqfglr
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7428
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9485 :
name : ichytigyvq
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 118
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9486 :
name : hwleedvlki
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2775
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9487 :
name : pnxynqitqd
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1088
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9488 :
name : jecwjjagum
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6287
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9489 :
name : hurgsezdap
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4332
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9490 :
name : vznxvygxed
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 161
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9491 :
name : ijuzqogprg
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3093
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9492 :
name : bsoosknajt
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3133
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9493 :
name : qqgmswbynu
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9303
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9494 :
name : mboarimeiy
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4536
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9495 :
name : sjqyvixyim
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7649
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9496 :
name : edrugjcupm
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 3463
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9497 :
name : chrtiodhno
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 219
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9498 :
name : tidkeltgfj
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1977
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9499 :
name : kzzdshsyof
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9908
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9500 :
name : olxtwberhm
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 691
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9501 :
name : fpaetvlltb
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4772
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9502 :
name : yxlyrjzxaj
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3674
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9503 :
name : mhzmnuhbhc
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2526
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9504 :
name : lqiyobhnaj
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6421
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9505 :
name : avyckowtpe
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7538
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9506 :
name : qubyspbzcb
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2916
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9507 :
name : hcifesvank
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2933
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9508 :
name : rcnscihdhl
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5373
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9509 :
name : zfwhmcbieo
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 197
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9510 :
name : vtbknfswkc
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 895
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9511 :
name : sxvqgishsx
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7983
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9512 :
name : hvikfyraud
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2430
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9513 :
name : mtyjlfreol
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3863
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9514 :
name : pujzgrxzts
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5445
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9515 :
name : xnsyxefqkt
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3501
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9516 :
name : wrwiqezqds
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9722
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9517 :
name : oewjctnjjz
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6351
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9518 :
name : mjgkrxospt
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6619
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9519 :
name : kpjgylbnwl
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4095
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9520 :
name : mmwswprmhg
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2176
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9521 :
name : lukuciieye
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9690
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9522 :
name : tbxpwwfpim
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9629
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9523 :
name : aqvknavvgt
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3074
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9524 :
name : qaqoromwdw
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2585
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9525 :
name : otblgoldlt
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6871
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9526 :
name : dwytkphyom
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1575
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9527 :
name : zxnckvryae
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5754
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9528 :
name : pnanimdpkr
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1279
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9529 :
name : mumbxzxqxx
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7303
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9530 :
name : cflettsyke
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7551
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9531 :
name : axgmyfnxvk
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2002
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9532 :
name : bznpfiixgv
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9640
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9533 :
name : wlheafjpfg
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1967
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9534 :
name : feyutdceck
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6386
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9535 :
name : tkeargiavn
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9514
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9536 :
name : oohmjcpnit
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7919
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9537 :
name : obmsddyldu
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 616
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9538 :
name : ubibptdggo
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2402
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9539 :
name : zktlewqdit
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1197
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9540 :
name : bkzlnpgtvp
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2760
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9541 :
name : lheeujdkol
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4500
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9542 :
name : rpsrdfgjad
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7317
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9543 :
name : tjxxqsitcw
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3068
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9544 :
name : rtojkrqscr
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2609
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9545 :
name : qtkoscibxm
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3872
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9546 :
name : tcajlmcdgf
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9547 :
name : llwxbpalqx
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 8014
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9548 :
name : kqekarwcvc
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8488
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9549 :
name : leahcbwcno
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3555
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9550 :
name : ioypaygydd
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5712
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9551 :
name : jvkjemnbqc
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 700
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9552 :
name : xgnxvnydmb
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1904
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9553 :
name : trxedcsqfj
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1688
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9554 :
name : zicofzefes
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3561
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9555 :
name : jppivukokr
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3615
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9556 :
name : mzzqoepskv
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1668
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9557 :
name : kdezmztypf
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2682
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9558 :
name : cuobkcibwu
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3765
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9559 :
name : bwghvuirsy
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4651
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9560 :
name : bompqytazr
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5224
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9561 :
name : bjhjsfddww
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4111
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9562 :
name : bsxpjpocpp
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1292
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9563 :
name : bydkhxpnal
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 805
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9564 :
name : quppkzeabv
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 6801
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9565 :
name : airfubekoh
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 45
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9566 :
name : jynzpxywxb
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6517
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9567 :
name : ucfljampmc
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7396
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9568 :
name : usrhtggrcf
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6826
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9569 :
name : tpaydlaram
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1211
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9570 :
name : prcgawoipt
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4956
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9571 :
name : nexpeaahua
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9260
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9572 :
name : jidmqdkfmb
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3709
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9573 :
name : wcsvrxwreq
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2057
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9574 :
name : reduquycbk
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4240
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9575 :
name : aqssllrjex
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1022
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9576 :
name : szxvvprtss
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8890
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9577 :
name : htibntmhfq
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4111
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9578 :
name : ivphrmxigp
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5320
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9579 :
name : hebphrkuyp
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4183
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9580 :
name : olbdsurrfz
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4710
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9581 :
name : vekztsqeoq
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5687
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9582 :
name : ahoemiaeaf
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5376
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9583 :
name : wokinecfkq
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9034
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9584 :
name : wuimavuazu
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1036
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9585 :
name : jvlvgabihl
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 934
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9586 :
name : usrcerzyua
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5298
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9587 :
name : cjbpghriry
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3565
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9588 :
name : bikvloompi
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2479
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9589 :
name : qwvrndyelr
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9677
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9590 :
name : cjenerdvdu
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7037
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9591 :
name : sigpzvtzze
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9724
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9592 :
name : fhxlwdcbyf
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8193
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9593 :
name : ivermdmfco
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1414
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9594 :
name : hcggnclpfm
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7359
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9595 :
name : ofdswpxlvb
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1848
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9596 :
name : sdfalsezkk
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7538
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9597 :
name : ttjwliokvj
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 305
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9598 :
name : sbyzbjugke
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6680
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9599 :
name : tbtexgolqj
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4048
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9600 :
name : ahjagmlauw
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2908
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9601 :
name : uqvpvsyjgq
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9111
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9602 :
name : ceaneizslw
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 981
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9603 :
name : cdhxvesvoa
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 735
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9604 :
name : zhuzwakysv
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5767
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9605 :
name : hhvpgstynj
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 6163
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9606 :
name : kemegkesiz
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3440
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9607 :
name : xnoveunxvb
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7947
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9608 :
name : grjuxpfejn
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6837
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9609 :
name : zksnfwjuwe
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9139
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9610 :
name : eignedeljn
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7758
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9611 :
name : rsjjhqgqke
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3132
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9612 :
name : zbrfpylvju
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4788
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9613 :
name : inzrxihfzr
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4802
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9614 :
name : lxwcdncojm
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8727
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9615 :
name : ibejsdszkr
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2950
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9616 :
name : kfqgkvwmlf
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1912
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9617 :
name : rlrvulamlk
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8488
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9618 :
name : agitpuolga
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4569
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9619 :
name : nkxgitsigf
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7508
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9620 :
name : nfsxahtqua
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7278
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9621 :
name : xguwmepemx
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1608
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9622 :
name : zmtrlvbflx
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 773
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9623 :
name : vrarnnvctk
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8496
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9624 :
name : honcfzxiej
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5214
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9625 :
name : jpwkhjzens
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8176
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9626 :
name : ztumyanvit
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6029
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9627 :
name : lfyhrhssli
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5698
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9628 :
name : ejhyxhalfl
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5824
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9629 :
name : kyqkgjrabe
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7687
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9630 :
name : umeemcnpps
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4825
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9631 :
name : rnhhxpsqpt
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1567
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9632 :
name : eawkgkmtzd
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1496
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9633 :
name : hlsqusfmix
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5978
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9634 :
name : htjfeprsir
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1867
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9635 :
name : zgduxxmelu
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3335
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9636 :
name : jldsshjkcr
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4851
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9637 :
name : gxbkrajfhx
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5620
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9638 :
name : bmahgvopfq
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1091
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9639 :
name : nferrxtbea
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8820
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9640 :
name : ctweaezqwe
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1847
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9641 :
name : uplagdazgg
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9305
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9642 :
name : wrsuvsyvlw
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3652
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9643 :
name : hkmtmuyowe
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6867
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9644 :
name : jfeczzwauj
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2158
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9645 :
name : dhwrcimazi
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 911
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9646 :
name : vcjzgkaekv
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5748
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9647 :
name : fysbqxlcxk
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3263
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9648 :
name : kpcvqifqpq
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1974
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9649 :
name : mnxeopbctb
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1832
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9650 :
name : hhskciuhal
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8977
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9651 :
name : pmmotcdwew
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 778
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9652 :
name : eqxwczgygg
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3325
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9653 :
name : xpvjfqnimu
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3674
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9654 :
name : fpmenodtpl
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9212
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9655 :
name : cxrziypwhb
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3462
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9656 :
name : kosysgnvbe
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1842
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9657 :
name : gedzfmyukh
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3127
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9658 :
name : zzzsxramob
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7274
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9659 :
name : legodlcbho
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6923
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9660 :
name : diteaqxcfn
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3599
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9661 :
name : myxtoagteo
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2644
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9662 :
name : nfgikiyhlf
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2408
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9663 :
name : wvctqsvxlz
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3735
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9664 :
name : nvavdmedwr
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2271
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9665 :
name : mixqboiwnw
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6340
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9666 :
name : mdbmbebfhx
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 769
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9667 :
name : uumtknjumw
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4685
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9668 :
name : cthdiijjpr
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4090
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9669 :
name : qwpepzubwg
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3063
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9670 :
name : yyphexqngh
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4058
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9671 :
name : skmioejiff
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4849
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9672 :
name : qkdfshdkwl
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3765
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9673 :
name : sjjftxjciq
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8675
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9674 :
name : zwxebrlgbj
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7519
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9675 :
name : nmwwrpwcue
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 841
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9676 :
name : rqgrujihsm
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9018
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9677 :
name : uustrminoc
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1711
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9678 :
name : srqakmmste
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7111
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9679 :
name : uipmbgalvp
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 43
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9680 :
name : aristseflz
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2719
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9681 :
name : fvpuksckdz
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3428
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9682 :
name : gdlpvghbmu
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 3201
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9683 :
name : tswiogcsrh
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 690
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9684 :
name : vozifvonyc
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9193
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9685 :
name : bqgxywgcoz
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8186
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9686 :
name : pihrsnogam
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2990
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9687 :
name : zozhnyftcv
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5747
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9688 :
name : vfjdybsmku
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8638
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9689 :
name : mqwmxlmfhq
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4192
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9690 :
name : caxofvpxkz
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7521
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9691 :
name : clrazrmnwt
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4245
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9692 :
name : mlelblirls
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1596
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9693 :
name : htpaworien
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4019
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9694 :
name : nnetygfjzs
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5535
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9695 :
name : ysepsafkkj
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5486
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9696 :
name : mzaruaxbjy
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2198
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9697 :
name : cqqghkimus
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5306
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9698 :
name : veixxdywej
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 205
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9699 :
name : wpkmvrxfft
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4182
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9700 :
name : xcbfzakzwr
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1380
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9701 :
name : letvsqmryr
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8614
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9702 :
name : ubixjhxvjt
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3220
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9703 :
name : qqhllcextc
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1800
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9704 :
name : fionfxvetg
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9033
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9705 :
name : bcdlopnuog
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5540
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9706 :
name : addoqkonqj
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1459
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9707 :
name : fxejkuaxoo
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3625
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9708 :
name : rwoxlfjbua
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7564
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9709 :
name : tiizruvtrj
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4868
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9710 :
name : ixsxwfefgy
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3691
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9711 :
name : asekrxfmqw
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7832
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9712 :
name : tecnbyshga
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2625
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9713 :
name : qwevhvsmjl
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4322
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9714 :
name : odjtsmtmub
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2950
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9715 :
name : byxivgfqsp
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7968
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9716 :
name : cctnvnzrzv
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1758
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9717 :
name : ylwvtrbyhv
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9580
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9718 :
name : stxngubfla
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 195
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9719 :
name : laahvtzyui
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6802
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9720 :
name : nptmezhfhu
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5407
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9721 :
name : qjpqrmksng
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7546
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9722 :
name : uhwntbpciy
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7229
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9723 :
name : apyrgresjt
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1026
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9724 :
name : jlmhbfkqkt
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1422
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9725 :
name : ceyaweraya
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6204
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9726 :
name : ofbcpckzuu
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3320
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9727 :
name : nkulkqrdqp
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 976
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9728 :
name : dhpejgitgc
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 573
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9729 :
name : eiuavgrnlj
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9518
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9730 :
name : fzswdddnzl
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 592
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9731 :
name : altwlofedq
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 72
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9732 :
name : uqdmoirtvq
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 588
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9733 :
name : swglutzzyd
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8542
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9734 :
name : tvpyjfiazf
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7998
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9735 :
name : ouzuhupgtp
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1842
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9736 :
name : cvhrvqxfty
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1746
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9737 :
name : htkinrcfzy
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2982
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9738 :
name : aclhwiavov
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7172
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9739 :
name : zhxjqncuub
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9423
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9740 :
name : eivrrtzton
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 99
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9741 :
name : uwrthjijfc
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5944
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9742 :
name : lfsiwjbwdp
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1205
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9743 :
name : kvndpvmxgr
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2112
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9744 :
name : diyvrvfuti
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7466
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9745 :
name : sybibsfpsl
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7022
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9746 :
name : yizydsvkpq
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5168
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9747 :
name : doogypzdft
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2698
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9748 :
name : ewafugasqp
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3453
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9749 :
name : hkxvrwlsbs
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7819
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9750 :
name : cemflhllbb
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8997
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9751 :
name : vcdvzwtkou
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4782
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9752 :
name : drhqwvzhgc
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8080
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9753 :
name : gulmrlikvz
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8665
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9754 :
name : ezhnrdiskr
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6917
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9755 :
name : lssxekinuf
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2092
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9756 :
name : auzhiqlsjx
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7757
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9757 :
name : qbijamvkbr
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3604
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9758 :
name : szarikktdt
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3231
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9759 :
name : qejypjkkto
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1562
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9760 :
name : hrmikvswox
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5621
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9761 :
name : uizdgoosah
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8692
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9762 :
name : fttrdfoycd
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6087
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9763 :
name : hhtgkbwauw
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4215
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9764 :
name : aiivbnaqlc
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5331
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9765 :
name : jpefxogupc
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9928
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9766 :
name : vslfnptohe
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6606
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9767 :
name : mecqjagrwx
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3863
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9768 :
name : zaxnglczbj
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6538
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9769 :
name : yjsbbddhwb
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7258
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9770 :
name : scyspedtfe
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5864
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9771 :
name : pqujtvmwfj
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7748
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9772 :
name : bhrbzjhecm
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5395
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9773 :
name : mbmgmfezdj
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9630
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9774 :
name : kqybrzmydp
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 475
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9775 :
name : ubbhjoonps
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5481
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9776 :
name : nfhljykvzp
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4651
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9777 :
name : dfdgonwecl
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8323
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9778 :
name : digkwpkgml
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4854
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9779 :
name : bfshmiwipy
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9914
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9780 :
name : entkzrzmxn
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4935
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9781 :
name : acdujpdfau
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2142
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9782 :
name : upwpzvgahf
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3624
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9783 :
name : zcheyqudxw
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 171
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9784 :
name : abfwqeuweb
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2717
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9785 :
name : ofxvkyogbl
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6721
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9786 :
name : gwjlvzppvt
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7314
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9787 :
name : irigmueaah
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6071
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9788 :
name : olzzyuyolv
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5361
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9789 :
name : xfvhnkctme
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6188
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9790 :
name : jzukzsexgp
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 462
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9791 :
name : zovxvihzdv
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1989
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9792 :
name : fyozjnrpna
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 155
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9793 :
name : ibneakohks
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1759
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9794 :
name : nibbjmrcce
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3325
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9795 :
name : lhoynpidyu
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1209
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9796 :
name : niormxddah
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3155
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9797 :
name : dgkugzlocj
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5402
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9798 :
name : vjekcsjhvl
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6719
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9799 :
name : xnhhjngudi
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3699
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9800 :
name : govmaxelez
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6722
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9801 :
name : eoulxdyfzb
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3851
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9802 :
name : cgnxsnuyaa
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4335
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9803 :
name : dggxrfcrkb
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1728
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9804 :
name : cmkpleefcf
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 3565
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9805 :
name : zjlfgenkvx
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8724
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9806 :
name : fvopmatthx
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2745
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9807 :
name : bfeonmsawn
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7334
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9808 :
name : fgxtwlvred
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8221
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9809 :
name : orqsfdfydd
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6860
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9810 :
name : pvomrmzmee
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6155
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9811 :
name : vybmsjrxjx
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9121
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9812 :
name : kfoytflsur
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8009
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9813 :
name : wetasmlklw
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2513
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9814 :
name : lxjavchgxb
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8896
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9815 :
name : ikhemzqxlb
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2709
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9816 :
name : wfeifakoih
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7266
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9817 :
name : hnfqrrqjqd
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8383
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9818 :
name : hbkojrqwfa
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 299
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9819 :
name : esqjkjdctv
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4960
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9820 :
name : opqydcpvau
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8231
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9821 :
name : wkmmwwyzzt
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 6278
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9822 :
name : qtegrkkifk
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1797
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9823 :
name : mvsyiqwipx
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5989
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9824 :
name : tulacemnnr
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2112
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9825 :
name : fdmzdwqaeh
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9692
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9826 :
name : nzfyziclvp
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5040
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9827 :
name : ahtngxjwzo
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6582
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9828 :
name : jocoodyrrt
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2971
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9829 :
name : guhzhpyroz
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 769
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9830 :
name : cnkgcymard
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5842
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9831 :
name : duqmvybwrp
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3592
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9832 :
name : fysreupqwh
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 354
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9833 :
name : hbexpcvrao
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8685
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9834 :
name : tbrlsvhjof
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9329
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9835 :
name : kklribvfuv
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9079
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9836 :
name : jdbaotyvfo
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4908
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9837 :
name : hplvgtybbu
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7103
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9838 :
name : zajadzwdvd
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 815
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9839 :
name : byqpvzivcj
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7083
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9840 :
name : oquxrzwpct
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 3830
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9841 :
name : uwknlhovcs
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3820
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9842 :
name : ndzkcsjzjo
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4274
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9843 :
name : tktfzgmneo
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4530
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9844 :
name : sretdglohw
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 166
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9845 :
name : whesneazte
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 10000
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9846 :
name : srywkbexrm
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7181
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9847 :
name : krrqjgujgq
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8884
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9848 :
name : yzryvdzcbt
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9000
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9849 :
name : bsksivbfgj
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6342
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9850 :
name : epdvnbzpdc
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2345
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9851 :
name : tcvdufaxmh
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3490
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9852 :
name : jsrnpgoqxt
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9851
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9853 :
name : rokmuhtuei
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4636
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9854 :
name : tssmfktvaq
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6665
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9855 :
name : ivethycdvg
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1694
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9856 :
name : syckkhuffx
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1545
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9857 :
name : ggvkbfldii
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2771
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9858 :
name : qvzsimberi
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 635
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9859 :
name : ezwbmxgzdq
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5958
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9860 :
name : lfqmzyydes
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5822
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9861 :
name : zxbvbpuhoz
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3799
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9862 :
name : hyuzlvzlyd
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8202
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9863 :
name : lmhojidfpt
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9295
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9864 :
name : ccbwbmsays
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4279
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9865 :
name : ocevsnfvtw
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6407
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9866 :
name : plwshxfbaf
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7755
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9867 :
name : zscdputusm
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5375
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9868 :
name : fwcbolbtnd
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8482
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9869 :
name : iigknvhgqz
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8494
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9870 :
name : amkenyqqud
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9443
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9871 :
name : bnnhzdfglx
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5053
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9872 :
name : wtagyogoea
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6670
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9873 :
name : cirqsrvzxg
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2567
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9874 :
name : barbiprofy
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9717
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9875 :
name : cqqwiknfjm
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9610
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9876 :
name : tdnlhxcyni
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9529
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9877 :
name : odngzxqodz
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9479
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9878 :
name : vrvicchhcu
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5790
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9879 :
name : vneitdgjtj
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 733
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9880 :
name : rnloxqqexv
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1511
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9881 :
name : zxbegujoed
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9040
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9882 :
name : vsyijyybcx
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4460
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9883 :
name : zudaalwjbc
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3546
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9884 :
name : emvcveavif
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 981
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9885 :
name : sfvxfvkcgl
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4184
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9886 :
name : qdzliwskra
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 403
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9887 :
name : hwwcvezfii
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5794
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9888 :
name : rvtqibmame
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9011
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9889 :
name : hsfgxakwfu
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7101
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9890 :
name : ybzstitikh
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5022
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9891 :
name : uosaupagoi
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1604
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9892 :
name : mjhndcxyki
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2412
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9893 :
name : bpttpplsxb
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2742
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9894 :
name : bxuklxniyz
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7255
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9895 :
name : fsqaoipbam
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4598
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9896 :
name : wdlrnwqcgo
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9557
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9897 :
name : vjnmjduaew
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 929
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9898 :
name : nxkyoawfed
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7789
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9899 :
name : wlvlxeotgs
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4581
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9900 :
name : kftwdjyaod
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5044
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9901 :
name : yflttlaheg
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 46
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9902 :
name : yqstnydnyt
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 670
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9903 :
name : favttoetwk
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3907
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9904 :
name : wfvozkmexm
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1660
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9905 :
name : hmsdfltjhp
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9446
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9906 :
name : uyxrpwbdca
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6413
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9907 :
name : gtxyydmrmt
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7615
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9908 :
name : wwntncsqiw
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2865
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9909 :
name : logjoemaya
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2766
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9910 :
name : yzglvvqnmy
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8347
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9911 :
name : nzcwktayva
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 488
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9912 :
name : tmubxrwpgk
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2510
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9913 :
name : gfhkbrddqz
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6451
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9914 :
name : okpklobkgh
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7108
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9915 :
name : iwspivhoyz
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9419
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9916 :
name : vxemisclei
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6511
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9917 :
name : teonuzidng
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5624
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9918 :
name : hrinfsfhej
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 23
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9919 :
name : epzvcvukyh
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6174
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9920 :
name : uorecyxjgb
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9465
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9921 :
name : xllygnuazu
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2422
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9922 :
name : zopttrtsbz
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7900
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9923 :
name : twqeuzrqzs
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1949
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9924 :
name : nnscinwcfx
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5498
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9925 :
name : awtsbprugt
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1881
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9926 :
name : howbshoolt
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3988
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9927 :
name : skqnfrdwnl
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1401
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9928 :
name : pfrlikuxyf
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5709
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9929 :
name : pgjhuoaxmo
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6369
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9930 :
name : ufilqrxnow
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7333
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9931 :
name : iibrpvhquu
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6037
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9932 :
name : bqzmerdbet
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2386
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9933 :
name : wuzxnruvjo
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2215
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9934 :
name : oqencighjl
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7681
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9935 :
name : daqdxewtzf
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4575
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9936 :
name : htvliatojf
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7237
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9937 :
name : krobwnfsie
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8697
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9938 :
name : zapwmzyhni
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7427
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9939 :
name : knvaqtnxnx
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7811
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9940 :
name : mwidswcrdr
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7067
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9941 :
name : lfjihzeuwr
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9947
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9942 :
name : lxuvapreix
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8306
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9943 :
name : jpltzusdor
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5851
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9944 :
name : rorlkrcdxk
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5224
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9945 :
name : zbpmwpgouw
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 566
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9946 :
name : btjsgvljai
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6590
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9947 :
name : dqxtftknkg
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3435
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9948 :
name : svodnvybeb
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2321
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9949 :
name : asjynqrxfd
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 118
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9950 :
name : qwkfzzaaag
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2340
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9951 :
name : ahslhhbbei
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8921
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9952 :
name : pujbzlabnd
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6480
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9953 :
name : rsgmfotgry
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 619
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9954 :
name : xitjjsulvh
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6522
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9955 :
name : uztclysehj
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5064
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9956 :
name : eozzxktrxo
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 663
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9957 :
name : utunxfoqmv
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3572
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9958 :
name : mkvnluxelu
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7519
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9959 :
name : glfaycimuu
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3655
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9960 :
name : vqnsdymcdz
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 509
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9961 :
name : yrzfuxkcme
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5469
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9962 :
name : bkuoeaotcr
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1986
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9963 :
name : fhgepcdbgp
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 156
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9964 :
name : pjflzjlneo
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6100
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9965 :
name : idprhetkha
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1321
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9966 :
name : bggirfufsy
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7520
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9967 :
name : fxcvqlblyj
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6817
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9968 :
name : vzzbisiexa
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2015
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9969 :
name : dhggcytgjr
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3278
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9970 :
name : mmsnpcixgf
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9153
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9971 :
name : jhuppznify
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2966
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9972 :
name : qkblzsnhpu
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2574
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9973 :
name : sybmnslcas
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9107
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9974 :
name : fqoibnarxr
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2651
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9975 :
name : ckzfyozmsz
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 605
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9976 :
name : ienynqlphk
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5069
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9977 :
name : xtawabmzne
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2290
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9978 :
name : xqbkoqdcfm
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5472
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9979 :
name : xgwyfybtxo
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9092
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9980 :
name : gyxhlnxqpe
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 308
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9981 :
name : ulxtlctmwr
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2826
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9982 :
name : ztxyckobaf
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2572
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9983 :
name : ytdwooaicy
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 657
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9984 :
name : vvntusdktg
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 784
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9985 :
name : bzufxivasy
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8839
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9986 :
name : yqlolhgrrz
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9146
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9987 :
name : xlltsicoiw
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9753
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9988 :
name : htyuhkdndw
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3940
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9989 :
name : onvzgokkeu
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8976
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9990 :
name : lifkfmwizz
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6214
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9991 :
name : lcoievwoha
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1403
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9992 :
name : hzaolhbhra
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3655
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9993 :
name : supgdvdbll
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3186
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9994 :
name : rhntwyazgr
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9615
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9995 :
name : ckstsxowzz
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5198
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9996 :
name : idpvyluymc
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6495
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9997 :
name : oorhikgyif
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9205
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 9998 :
name : sfjhbhuxgg
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5286
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 9999 :
name : bgyupigvho
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4822
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 10000 :
name : nhlwqmdkll
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4648
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

