girl 1 :
name : yxsprjsmig
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3262
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 2 :
name : eljrflpnna
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4521
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 3 :
name : rjxkbqtteb
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6633
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 4 :
name : jquuhbfxrv
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1271
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 5 :
name : avvzfwrarv
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6590
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 6 :
name : enwajdboau
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8977
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 7 :
name : enybmfxdgo
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2248
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 8 :
name : pcdlcmogcr
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2366
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 9 :
name : ybnxcbebfk
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 57
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 10 :
name : iqhldlzttc
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 951
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 11 :
name : peuedwghxn
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4704
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 12 :
name : zzhimkumep
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6968
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 13 :
name : evcycfwiov
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 207
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 14 :
name : dtwlcixyud
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9729
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 15 :
name : sdoweqbaap
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2181
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 16 :
name : xnktymdyka
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 497
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 17 :
name : brernkhqnj
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4933
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 18 :
name : zfijyjwdhi
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7771
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 19 :
name : hrboipyrhl
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2433
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 20 :
name : rhccsclogu
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6687
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 21 :
name : orqsfahdro
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3859
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 22 :
name : dhkijfkuvs
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 21
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 23 :
name : blvudaumfm
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 518
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 24 :
name : lorxwaciwy
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2733
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 25 :
name : witrcytzmz
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8096
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 26 :
name : hfnadlcfua
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 6121
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 27 :
name : vumqmrphqb
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 193
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 28 :
name : snbfqgtuln
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2031
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 29 :
name : oejcvxtmfj
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5797
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 30 :
name : iahlfxrare
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9448
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 31 :
name : kpcwsxtlja
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 8879
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 32 :
name : hthogonzph
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5252
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 33 :
name : tkvygpvbdh
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8399
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 34 :
name : pbfwslmflb
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9119
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 35 :
name : mfcjdkzbmc
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2351
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 36 :
name : pjluhditlt
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9741
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 37 :
name : aptdyynzbb
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4740
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 38 :
name : dzopvvudpf
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4804
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 39 :
name : slenqemfen
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6696
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 40 :
name : ggsxxnsrtj
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8122
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 41 :
name : kypqofxckb
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4395
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 42 :
name : dbexyblqse
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5068
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 43 :
name : biwqakvxoi
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 642
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 44 :
name : bszfqxibpd
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7155
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 45 :
name : sizqyzcwzq
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6526
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 46 :
name : vnhuuxtdal
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4273
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 47 :
name : ruzqkysmwr
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9023
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 48 :
name : hvaqsvnlyn
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9461
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 49 :
name : nufpnpnfej
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3588
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 50 :
name : ybgzrywelu
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6485
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 51 :
name : kjhryujnbp
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 722
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 52 :
name : klvqkpqivd
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8344
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 53 :
name : cttmkrgtek
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1784
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 54 :
name : fszdklscup
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2957
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 55 :
name : rdampmeygk
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7286
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 56 :
name : cbudggrakn
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4152
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 57 :
name : upuubmhhkp
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5996
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 58 :
name : klqepwniwx
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3750
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 59 :
name : idzdzargib
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5384
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 60 :
name : krudvlzitw
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4379
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 61 :
name : ugctlbtekd
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3280
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 62 :
name : qohnrfytpu
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5515
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 63 :
name : ltdnoqrjub
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8151
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 64 :
name : dltkynpygf
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6651
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 65 :
name : zqreghuxqo
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2120
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 66 :
name : wpjscjfrhn
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6723
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 67 :
name : iczbjfidea
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8833
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 68 :
name : ekkpcmyjgf
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8780
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 69 :
name : qsoqtxxdac
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4243
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 70 :
name : fpusgweefm
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7910
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 71 :
name : cmdqeypbdq
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2597
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 72 :
name : wvjqnqouwv
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2697
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 73 :
name : jguowyombr
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9951
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 74 :
name : urufjkvaeu
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9555
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 75 :
name : ofukuskkgm
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2268
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 76 :
name : syyodjybjc
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5350
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 77 :
name : fugbecvpne
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9359
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 78 :
name : xstxgyjfzs
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3244
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 79 :
name : ahyhicjgty
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 224
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 80 :
name : kaofxvegaf
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 585
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 81 :
name : ibtikekvkg
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5791
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 82 :
name : bwwpdwkhem
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6513
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 83 :
name : mflhnxlzsx
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9902
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 84 :
name : qlymcbknlr
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 175
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 85 :
name : inavxpsiol
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4802
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 86 :
name : zptzevbqkm
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 87
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 87 :
name : jqflmcaekq
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5115
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 88 :
name : ssjlsnjvet
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6630
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 89 :
name : xgmetygves
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5262
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 90 :
name : fqhoezenwk
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1794
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 91 :
name : tnkhtdhzal
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9548
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 92 :
name : wlcecifgxc
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1592
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 93 :
name : milwrecyfc
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7997
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 94 :
name : asqfysnfyl
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7542
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 95 :
name : pfqcbkifin
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4414
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 96 :
name : qziheiztna
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9941
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 97 :
name : aovtsydaen
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2585
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 98 :
name : yrniatqcnd
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7383
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 99 :
name : qzjnuemzes
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4557
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 100 :
name : uuqierbuvq
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5765
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 101 :
name : htysguwstd
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 940
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 102 :
name : wnboxhhycc
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3676
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 103 :
name : zkvzeeubyn
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2990
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 104 :
name : edshtpobqs
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7221
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 105 :
name : zgwuhaabdz
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4707
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 106 :
name : nuxibrxssn
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3773
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 107 :
name : ggkecshdvk
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 603
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 108 :
name : qbxolbfjtz
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7803
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 109 :
name : bbungzfpcb
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9636
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 110 :
name : sqxqejrlsm
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4506
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 111 :
name : ijpcxxbcmf
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 540
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 112 :
name : fpddfjmyug
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2917
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 113 :
name : kmyzqvwszk
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9560
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 114 :
name : kqrpvzyjxu
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8913
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 115 :
name : naclbsgzmh
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3923
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 116 :
name : stpkilljwi
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4573
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 117 :
name : itemefhmgt
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 800
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 118 :
name : ecquobhzkf
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3540
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 119 :
name : xpmdbskigq
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9838
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 120 :
name : dqqvmfwvei
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4815
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 121 :
name : rtkgxlyhwh
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8942
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 122 :
name : zifpgrucob
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6964
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 123 :
name : oceykbkjli
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 977
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 124 :
name : xczdtfwqjl
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9905
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 125 :
name : nzkrxuvjfg
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4678
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 126 :
name : hdgiicnesz
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1370
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 127 :
name : diwncwjxhr
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 501
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 128 :
name : vfjdorfdyz
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2849
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 129 :
name : idvgqxebwm
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1970
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 130 :
name : xihjlvataa
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5629
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 131 :
name : fngavyyabu
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7269
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 132 :
name : zcpglcdoxe
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3922
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 133 :
name : mnkuofsoht
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8738
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 134 :
name : yifpoquugr
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4170
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 135 :
name : gvtqrjyjxh
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9044
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 136 :
name : fwykmodiij
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2455
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 137 :
name : mpohifqiqn
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1969
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 138 :
name : kcpiodzrlj
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4785
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 139 :
name : lxnagxhwfy
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4988
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 140 :
name : osvfdkjcdu
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8580
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 141 :
name : drtrtaoayw
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4892
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 142 :
name : olkmtnycpd
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3079
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 143 :
name : gjbbcubrxa
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5597
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 144 :
name : eaiombckft
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2829
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 145 :
name : fitgjwdnpa
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3404
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 146 :
name : whqhvdizpo
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3149
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 147 :
name : cwpxfbtiqi
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9869
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 148 :
name : eipxpmazmr
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6358
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 149 :
name : envulcxekn
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2183
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 150 :
name : ckptjgflit
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5033
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 151 :
name : beyyajaxqm
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4719
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 152 :
name : pgyfzhngsv
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6508
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 153 :
name : ghcgfcqhzi
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2924
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 154 :
name : brvaywjlfc
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6944
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 155 :
name : xoxauecmme
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1310
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 156 :
name : fpacrazane
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8928
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 157 :
name : cbuzbrgffs
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3688
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 158 :
name : ieckitkhwy
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9741
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 159 :
name : dfjzgmqmry
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7053
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 160 :
name : pqiudqpnyl
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8543
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 161 :
name : upzdofphui
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1278
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 162 :
name : nydvsgmivm
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4250
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 163 :
name : tdksiyazhu
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3265
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 164 :
name : jhuocmuqwp
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8945
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 165 :
name : tzjdsresrl
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6415
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 166 :
name : vxbrlegfuc
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5471
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 167 :
name : crelwyeaqv
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9387
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 168 :
name : rlssdeyjlt
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9099
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 169 :
name : bozfzxedaw
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 620
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 170 :
name : yqrqlwujhi
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1401
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 171 :
name : abxbhybndb
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5896
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 172 :
name : voyofjlbts
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 686
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 173 :
name : yezviitjxx
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7314
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 174 :
name : laqkovtzwo
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2455
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 175 :
name : miqndyyzjx
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2431
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 176 :
name : kpyaznxuot
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9984
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 177 :
name : nlagafgyeq
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7942
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 178 :
name : msxkuwztqo
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6717
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 179 :
name : qejsmmasme
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 932
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 180 :
name : rinqukmwde
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8743
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 181 :
name : gdpsxbextq
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3248
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 182 :
name : yimlygxmcb
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1884
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 183 :
name : ehetbdwhbq
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8281
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 184 :
name : yaekmcslox
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2998
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 185 :
name : ooquityeab
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1867
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 186 :
name : cscgcqkxcy
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5531
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 187 :
name : pyphszasfc
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 269
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 188 :
name : gdrilvbxsf
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7324
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 189 :
name : yvupfoohht
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9944
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 190 :
name : wuhnevkfud
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3852
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 191 :
name : nkvhzawnif
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5572
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 192 :
name : jcetrkqdsk
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1093
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 193 :
name : anayvzytoi
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 963
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 194 :
name : orhukafadx
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6974
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 195 :
name : srzupuuqpi
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7520
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 196 :
name : ktorqytvax
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2514
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 197 :
name : xpvwkkteai
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3669
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 198 :
name : vgblarjtol
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 838
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 199 :
name : batyzdksjn
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2085
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 200 :
name : wzczkctvyh
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 985
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 201 :
name : ujynhxttpc
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 441
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 202 :
name : yswdsgfncf
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9171
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 203 :
name : ugbsukqpef
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1494
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 204 :
name : wwbszvyhic
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7436
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 205 :
name : fewjzsvphb
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9549
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 206 :
name : vsxwkyukhc
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8278
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 207 :
name : zjpxuorqda
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2575
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 208 :
name : dcnabzavki
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7589
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 209 :
name : mgoddjrubu
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9367
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 210 :
name : rbehbfgcas
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 182
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 211 :
name : ygpnkuybqb
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2202
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 212 :
name : xjmcspjztm
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7097
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 213 :
name : vlemaogarw
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4295
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 214 :
name : uwtgalykmr
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5816
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 215 :
name : whgctjsblk
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9282
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 216 :
name : hdkamlnkxa
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5071
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 217 :
name : bzqjblsume
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 482
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 218 :
name : hmvrohectb
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5791
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 219 :
name : hnyxwciryw
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8118
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 220 :
name : zxwxqmevoy
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9586
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 221 :
name : ugrvgqxqhv
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 514
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 222 :
name : iwvgtltzij
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 8141
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 223 :
name : krqeoyulpb
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7424
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 224 :
name : drwaapnvry
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2020
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 225 :
name : rxghbuivfz
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7838
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 226 :
name : dmpcmrtbok
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 3150
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 227 :
name : ozewjhqrex
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5863
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 228 :
name : kaxbcltwnh
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1543
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 229 :
name : mzwqvfalwe
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4798
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 230 :
name : wekuimhbkw
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3346
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 231 :
name : gbccrzitlg
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5172
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 232 :
name : gfysbghjjr
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9205
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 233 :
name : pyktddsnxf
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4068
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 234 :
name : xzlvrneayn
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3096
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 235 :
name : qxwaqzelmb
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6719
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 236 :
name : eubrqvguve
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7057
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 237 :
name : khvikokqzw
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5987
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 238 :
name : jxlmqdhxzf
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4125
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 239 :
name : ubjqkveulf
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6503
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 240 :
name : rmwfyniimi
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 304
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 241 :
name : tgicyuyeql
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1215
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 242 :
name : pfyokwduep
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2845
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 243 :
name : nsnwvnsvtj
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1907
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 244 :
name : esyegkajhh
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5175
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 245 :
name : hsdwqalixe
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7295
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 246 :
name : crycvgnypu
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5878
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 247 :
name : stowpewbmu
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2509
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 248 :
name : iwjjygpneh
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6643
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 249 :
name : sjogffkegz
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2404
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 250 :
name : ykcjtaqjou
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6285
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 251 :
name : dhytpfycjf
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5872
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 252 :
name : bgwfqphiax
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7904
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 253 :
name : lpslihrjjc
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4753
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 254 :
name : xmdvrtladn
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 8205
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 255 :
name : rgljswslfc
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5165
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 256 :
name : lzsouljhnm
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8194
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 257 :
name : pwpdhhzzug
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3856
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 258 :
name : jhidveogod
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9482
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 259 :
name : xfmmivvjur
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8840
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 260 :
name : ibdseawugk
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4142
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 261 :
name : lmuzacuynr
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 278
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 262 :
name : nyxsqbspxy
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5549
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 263 :
name : nixikameac
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3343
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 264 :
name : ddgavxenmb
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7169
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 265 :
name : kbvjlhjzlj
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7676
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 266 :
name : jjfrlaopqc
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 8353
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 267 :
name : edqzndgycu
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6490
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 268 :
name : gyxlpimgae
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1972
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 269 :
name : whuoijrrhu
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 263
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 270 :
name : magjmwract
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6539
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 271 :
name : fkwzaeiuxr
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 750
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 272 :
name : vcfclryera
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2671
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 273 :
name : dvuzuvgepd
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9189
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 274 :
name : sgzxkkqiqj
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9067
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 275 :
name : rccnexikdz
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3419
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 276 :
name : byvaxhmqqd
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4804
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 277 :
name : azedmkcxuf
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9836
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 278 :
name : xershqatgs
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5699
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 279 :
name : yupexdobck
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6330
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 280 :
name : mnkfirwklc
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2531
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 281 :
name : yyypcvvqzx
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6675
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 282 :
name : cmpnsxeqjr
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8734
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 283 :
name : gdoevrcqjb
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 886
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 284 :
name : jqyydsykih
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4596
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 285 :
name : nnnbtkuvae
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3531
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 286 :
name : eqscryxrkh
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8657
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 287 :
name : umjkqcukax
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2508
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 288 :
name : rmwlrpjqgt
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3374
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 289 :
name : fetqqjslvs
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2052
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 290 :
name : xojvzallqt
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 8457
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 291 :
name : jwgemwphjk
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4031
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 292 :
name : rreangcatu
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4814
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 293 :
name : lhprlepalz
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9187
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 294 :
name : jcynclvgnq
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9301
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 295 :
name : laqcrdghfr
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5235
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 296 :
name : njclxgzuom
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3640
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 297 :
name : eqguuaxdjc
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3879
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 298 :
name : wpbzbyhauw
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2319
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 299 :
name : usednzdmcm
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2776
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 300 :
name : ulqvktvuts
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8346
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 301 :
name : mboqedrjqt
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9237
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 302 :
name : xujnswhpqc
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6735
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 303 :
name : itpxltadcs
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8638
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 304 :
name : bpwnfojodb
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8762
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 305 :
name : vnplmagpdl
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7515
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 306 :
name : mqokdtaohf
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9745
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 307 :
name : mwsbjecpth
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1554
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 308 :
name : ibkwnqpney
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5480
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 309 :
name : czswbbcfrw
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1044
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 310 :
name : vgnfcavtna
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7413
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 311 :
name : uusnsvovah
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3572
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 312 :
name : ppvduxdssr
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 308
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 313 :
name : umambukqpk
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2700
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 314 :
name : owtjzqieia
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4752
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 315 :
name : tsivhkprcf
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8484
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 316 :
name : urgnbffjjp
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7294
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 317 :
name : nuywpfgfwi
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9596
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 318 :
name : vvudlxisgu
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4332
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 319 :
name : knqkliprpn
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6814
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 320 :
name : rmcnpnmahv
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5678
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 321 :
name : ljeewronkd
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8275
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 322 :
name : kllozdbndj
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7657
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 323 :
name : rljxrfofvy
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6514
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 324 :
name : lbbypcbtqe
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5830
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 325 :
name : dykpvbwmhr
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7788
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 326 :
name : fjljjcllxb
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4869
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 327 :
name : acikrfmqrv
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8047
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 328 :
name : ugnfrwidhf
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6792
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 329 :
name : vlcdvukjme
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5311
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 330 :
name : mndzvwvfzf
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9747
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 331 :
name : gsdixzeiks
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1317
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 332 :
name : kixphumezn
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9942
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 333 :
name : obetmdssld
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 587
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 334 :
name : elfddoyrvz
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2600
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 335 :
name : bubhnnkigw
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5874
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 336 :
name : vnfaskpsdk
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2313
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 337 :
name : sikwrzjchr
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2337
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 338 :
name : esumvnymhe
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7615
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 339 :
name : gjtsfltqpb
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2078
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 340 :
name : fdhzrcmrow
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 432
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 341 :
name : itnenurhng
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3330
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 342 :
name : joasorwclm
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6889
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 343 :
name : denskdpbkc
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6106
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 344 :
name : yqsbigufif
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5345
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 345 :
name : ixlvrwagzk
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7005
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 346 :
name : kodcpokjvu
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4038
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 347 :
name : klfwixujdt
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 247
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 348 :
name : qmtvqijaue
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9216
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 349 :
name : bidhgngawj
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5330
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 350 :
name : fqiaoylzaf
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8359
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 351 :
name : kcdnljarmz
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 358
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 352 :
name : plbzmpzxqz
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2802
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 353 :
name : qgatvlevdq
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6077
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 354 :
name : lgymhkdgjt
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5449
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 355 :
name : pvtpqoduji
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3607
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 356 :
name : cyeamlmruv
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5375
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 357 :
name : vufokvcpqo
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9881
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 358 :
name : rptvshhgzb
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6437
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 359 :
name : pknuyzqdqi
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5592
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 360 :
name : hguccmklul
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9776
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 361 :
name : slxhgxjyaz
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2040
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 362 :
name : replhrzreu
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 817
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 363 :
name : fxacgicpgc
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7425
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 364 :
name : gvrvjamits
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7203
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 365 :
name : bczbhgjjvr
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2462
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 366 :
name : usqnnzochh
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3526
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 367 :
name : hiljlupudm
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4560
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 368 :
name : towjbkirmq
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6351
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 369 :
name : nnxawivnea
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9738
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 370 :
name : ywbugfeows
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3026
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 371 :
name : qzrqapaxdf
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8577
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 372 :
name : mpenlkuqbr
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4785
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 373 :
name : scvluvcuuf
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 527
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 374 :
name : umczbnjwfm
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6447
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 375 :
name : szfnkzlpwf
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1614
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 376 :
name : kdlmcpcolh
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5994
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 377 :
name : zqhgetgrie
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9908
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 378 :
name : bgrovwfxkq
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6233
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 379 :
name : cfdlljetap
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5437
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 380 :
name : kcdbsazyxl
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4313
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 381 :
name : nppqaacgwe
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4328
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 382 :
name : adyghtggrg
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2505
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 383 :
name : ufljxnlzwh
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 180
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 384 :
name : zksaqztyim
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1926
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 385 :
name : skzfvwthyr
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7515
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 386 :
name : zvzuvpvqod
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 346
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 387 :
name : zrvaxrxsax
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6578
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 388 :
name : oxlorifmyv
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4437
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 389 :
name : bzrwzqpykr
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2415
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 390 :
name : alpnbivgxt
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5388
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 391 :
name : uvnntpfjnp
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7519
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 392 :
name : dosubtfwac
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6152
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 393 :
name : jjvzyooezd
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1331
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 394 :
name : uldohgimdk
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4653
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 395 :
name : qxwlyuzmyb
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1724
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 396 :
name : rapwoydyni
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1241
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 397 :
name : rqqnboidci
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8329
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 398 :
name : gazxzqycql
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4569
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 399 :
name : jiuzvvpfar
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5928
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 400 :
name : mbqoargytw
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 978
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 401 :
name : blfvldsciv
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4322
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 402 :
name : rvujjuartv
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1547
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 403 :
name : zoshjfkehu
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 6238
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 404 :
name : kvigetaglv
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9681
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 405 :
name : ifdamohyup
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5923
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 406 :
name : fxtpdyiggv
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8297
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 407 :
name : lmwqokgwib
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7097
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 408 :
name : ummodromxu
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6841
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 409 :
name : ytqwjhjrdr
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7303
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 410 :
name : llmzzpqpbq
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7110
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 411 :
name : vsoorzvaqa
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4585
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 412 :
name : pbpbarrsgu
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8002
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 413 :
name : cvfqlwpiyi
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1198
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 414 :
name : xrnmtndmhk
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 9179
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 415 :
name : puoxlzvchu
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4715
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 416 :
name : aclnpecuqj
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5236
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 417 :
name : talhzyhvcq
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1745
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 418 :
name : dhzowquykk
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7956
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 419 :
name : deeqleqsbt
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1767
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 420 :
name : eykfngxhgk
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7950
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 421 :
name : hmeldqrtks
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 773
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 422 :
name : pftzkihkrp
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7924
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 423 :
name : hejormgjhs
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3397
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 424 :
name : ihbdjolsyd
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5123
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 425 :
name : nyxwmokuxr
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7498
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 426 :
name : mncntlbeeb
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7158
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 427 :
name : mnfjjsytox
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7257
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 428 :
name : vowybplftr
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4572
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 429 :
name : mqqsazmauc
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3685
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 430 :
name : mvykvcbjhx
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1877
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 431 :
name : fykvqmwems
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2581
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 432 :
name : jbhhoejpns
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3687
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 433 :
name : dvynqrboxn
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3616
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 434 :
name : kqxrznwjcl
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5008
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 435 :
name : bpdcevvgms
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3170
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 436 :
name : uhvryvgwej
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4029
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 437 :
name : lpiqroomuc
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7815
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 438 :
name : catxtuuasa
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3477
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 439 :
name : dcfnvybjmy
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3009
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 440 :
name : epaanvujxo
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3342
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 441 :
name : hxeokzmnka
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8777
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 442 :
name : siauinseyp
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 45
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 443 :
name : bubfingwbq
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4716
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 444 :
name : ylcyimnaqn
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4321
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 445 :
name : ctsgadvhby
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2986
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 446 :
name : jnclnkxcmp
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1172
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 447 :
name : xsqqarvvaw
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2519
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 448 :
name : psdsfseeut
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8182
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 449 :
name : ssvjkxchtc
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8962
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 450 :
name : spuvjboqfk
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2883
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 451 :
name : caozjyxlfs
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3752
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 452 :
name : jlefgqiwin
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2512
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 453 :
name : jjbyjlygyg
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8010
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 454 :
name : guskzaahzi
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1530
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 455 :
name : cubeumrvsr
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1216
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 456 :
name : ocximylpfk
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1249
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 457 :
name : jhkmnhyecs
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 6849
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 458 :
name : pudmerkpgr
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3105
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 459 :
name : khuxvieuoi
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9178
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 460 :
name : oqotfskpkt
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5782
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 461 :
name : qqsknnuthj
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2838
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 462 :
name : pepfxuyjmk
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1644
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 463 :
name : gvsaghoccx
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4120
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 464 :
name : scziiyciiq
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3056
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 465 :
name : oyniyvsoyu
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7015
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 466 :
name : tcztmjrqrz
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 331
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 467 :
name : eiarrbplpn
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4311
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 468 :
name : xzrwsfflvy
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8338
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 469 :
name : lfhoyapnlg
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9491
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 470 :
name : byvuwpzbbu
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1782
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 471 :
name : yxuflsgagt
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 433
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 472 :
name : jyjeufutix
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5264
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 473 :
name : aotuwemehu
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9696
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 474 :
name : otpyzjdtco
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1104
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 475 :
name : vfaozwuocd
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8638
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 476 :
name : kefzeeijam
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8359
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 477 :
name : usduiftcvv
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3992
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 478 :
name : jozqndvymx
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7746
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 479 :
name : nobtljyent
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 859
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 480 :
name : vmlwdazaao
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 3349
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 481 :
name : lcymxjxxnm
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4419
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 482 :
name : foeskhumhv
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7083
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 483 :
name : rpypdvycsn
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3249
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 484 :
name : vdtbvfkqtt
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5056
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 485 :
name : umqsctocvi
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4704
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 486 :
name : arovvjafbw
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8730
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 487 :
name : vualpehfge
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6137
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 488 :
name : bkmpfjaiqe
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 3835
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 489 :
name : gsoggdknis
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3648
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 490 :
name : lltzayiaiz
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7331
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 491 :
name : mhgbpogbbr
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5986
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 492 :
name : xwqsxsrgsb
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2331
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 493 :
name : cmjkpyzvzc
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 44
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 494 :
name : cbdutammif
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 8597
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 495 :
name : ikfruurvrq
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5655
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 496 :
name : tamwuizhwh
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8864
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 497 :
name : seexxbtowk
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3469
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 498 :
name : cmwqksalbx
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3950
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 499 :
name : gmtklqlegk
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6825
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 500 :
name : cnvafhtgtu
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1035
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 501 :
name : zywvlhlyns
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8905
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 502 :
name : pxbkyhstpl
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8940
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 503 :
name : jdnhyaolab
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8409
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 504 :
name : vddwqdfiww
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8657
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 505 :
name : hhswosweey
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3334
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 506 :
name : pkdvjtyqdv
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7446
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 507 :
name : ymftivlgbr
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6586
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 508 :
name : cgkfdtybjb
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 514
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 509 :
name : ziqgbzdofe
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2457
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 510 :
name : mpjwvorvrc
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2718
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 511 :
name : fejxmmwqbe
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2245
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 512 :
name : tvnetiumgm
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 705
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 513 :
name : fwnruadsqg
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 646
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 514 :
name : pmsdtnnnzt
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5787
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 515 :
name : mjezaybfst
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 673
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 516 :
name : fvyyyrnlfn
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3336
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 517 :
name : ivvoxxoach
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3107
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 518 :
name : mjrkjrexej
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2746
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 519 :
name : bxuwottcuy
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1757
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 520 :
name : kzhdmruqoz
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7287
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 521 :
name : juoescxoft
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1446
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 522 :
name : jlfroriljy
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6385
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 523 :
name : rgdhmvmljr
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 3786
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 524 :
name : nclvvbmfmy
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5185
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 525 :
name : tybwfpsrad
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8832
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 526 :
name : zlgkgbltgy
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2837
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 527 :
name : rzqsvxjppm
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6506
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 528 :
name : xvjffpgsko
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 268
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 529 :
name : tgilbflkva
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 6854
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 530 :
name : brfmxkbfem
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1212
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 531 :
name : arsketqpel
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3944
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 532 :
name : lyoqklcnqg
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9658
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 533 :
name : rvbkghfyzl
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5755
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 534 :
name : kznyrzlvnc
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7403
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 535 :
name : yyfbkljqlk
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9891
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 536 :
name : selfechqxw
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6063
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 537 :
name : ujizmumxmz
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7158
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 538 :
name : henuluyskx
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9620
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 539 :
name : hxbryolkny
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1821
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 540 :
name : zrlplwjjrv
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5564
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 541 :
name : tofxhdntpa
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8250
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 542 :
name : ekzrzmqkxh
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2129
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 543 :
name : xebcbjioex
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9065
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 544 :
name : iuuiowwegu
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6938
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 545 :
name : mycqddzltd
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5501
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 546 :
name : mrwibmexsl
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 456
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 547 :
name : xhhaxmfyxz
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7610
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 548 :
name : ntjlcmagms
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7119
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 549 :
name : hskqsjdxic
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3519
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 550 :
name : damomobovn
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4633
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 551 :
name : xpbjgvsluc
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6439
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 552 :
name : jfhvtvkwjh
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2068
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 553 :
name : ifnlovgigd
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9959
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 554 :
name : godnjykvxv
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2420
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 555 :
name : lmzaynwgyc
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9275
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 556 :
name : yoebdpaqnz
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4128
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 557 :
name : cjkbkiriop
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 89
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 558 :
name : ulzandrpvg
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 501
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 559 :
name : zbqjdctukk
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8425
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 560 :
name : vlxvlkaebv
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5084
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 561 :
name : imsbwvfrrq
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4632
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 562 :
name : blgygtliao
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8475
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 563 :
name : xrkpsinxcg
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2736
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 564 :
name : ijirkqmvym
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5856
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 565 :
name : xockguuvuw
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1381
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 566 :
name : bbdjunbikb
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1605
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 567 :
name : rwcugkqahm
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1161
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 568 :
name : scevnyjoit
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6634
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 569 :
name : dmyhietzga
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8849
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 570 :
name : ndktzztkpc
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2592
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 571 :
name : laqjjypezw
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9874
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 572 :
name : mgcyzbytnn
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7473
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 573 :
name : xqrpzcqrgp
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7397
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 574 :
name : belddmgdfv
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4060
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 575 :
name : fozydydvrl
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1617
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 576 :
name : fsfsxkefpk
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8095
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 577 :
name : vzkuzqvcno
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 668
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 578 :
name : wxmdpmovtf
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5040
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 579 :
name : mrnwomolrc
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 53
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 580 :
name : wuwjynxoiq
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7897
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 581 :
name : atfprteigx
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3253
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 582 :
name : dnzbwxotnw
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3121
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 583 :
name : yakesezwmg
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5499
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 584 :
name : uebthzsvuf
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7523
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 585 :
name : fgesmwwouk
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1551
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 586 :
name : agucabbsyy
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5385
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 587 :
name : ivkonxnlnj
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2948
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 588 :
name : pidmmdppyq
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8055
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 589 :
name : mblwszvfmi
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2644
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 590 :
name : qhdutpzkhz
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 482
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 591 :
name : nyrbvjaqqo
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9607
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 592 :
name : undxjypijw
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3359
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 593 :
name : ixwayrlakc
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1624
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 594 :
name : flwlkflzqw
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 281
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 595 :
name : gaieciwoki
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7900
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 596 :
name : cgdztpgfpy
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5431
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 597 :
name : mrjuylfwbp
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 43
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 598 :
name : kbbpcwflbw
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6145
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 599 :
name : tyieuirzet
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6191
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 600 :
name : fwkilneqag
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2560
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 601 :
name : bwxlastrtx
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7266
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 602 :
name : oeszmfmqyo
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9892
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 603 :
name : znlwalqufm
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6591
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 604 :
name : wpuqogwczu
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5541
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 605 :
name : yryjpyxiuc
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1768
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 606 :
name : mrggjvnfzo
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4072
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 607 :
name : wkbwtsvsar
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 942
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 608 :
name : yekfktczbb
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4284
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 609 :
name : dzygwuztmz
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7163
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 610 :
name : psfzzrsbrv
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1155
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 611 :
name : ocjnkfhjyv
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5587
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 612 :
name : fwbmxaerex
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1556
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 613 :
name : pbnyqyfxjf
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2588
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 614 :
name : yfzztybzqf
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2639
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 615 :
name : cvtrvkrajb
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1522
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 616 :
name : zwlaxezzep
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4351
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 617 :
name : mdffwapqcz
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9410
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 618 :
name : hpgssezrdf
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 222
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 619 :
name : uqpzxmcnee
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6003
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 620 :
name : ybdevviuon
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3448
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 621 :
name : lfudgrrkgv
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7093
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 622 :
name : ffpilkfwft
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3246
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 623 :
name : vyypbhjsrp
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5107
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 624 :
name : ymwpxizceg
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3618
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 625 :
name : gpahgdopxf
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3323
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 626 :
name : htheigojju
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3410
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 627 :
name : nnpnuwqknp
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8628
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 628 :
name : wpggvqmjax
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6933
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 629 :
name : jemaujwmtm
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7517
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 630 :
name : waleiivuux
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7840
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 631 :
name : ojvamrjkdf
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4173
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 632 :
name : oblbhtjcpd
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2750
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 633 :
name : vevshhjssn
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7275
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 634 :
name : dgwqhelqib
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5939
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 635 :
name : wujsnsbykt
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5961
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 636 :
name : flkectkpju
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 3729
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 637 :
name : jbduvqmxqy
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3505
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 638 :
name : omvaqxtanf
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 697
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 639 :
name : tmmwijouie
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1639
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 640 :
name : svtowjlrja
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9561
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 641 :
name : uexiafsqba
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2144
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 642 :
name : lvaejyoxrz
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4292
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 643 :
name : qefpmhugxx
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1468
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 644 :
name : zxuzcfzser
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 242
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 645 :
name : ittnjiudor
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3509
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 646 :
name : jvjfxnmwfr
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7590
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 647 :
name : metiresnii
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 315
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 648 :
name : segdjfrvcy
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 9554
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 649 :
name : zawviqzcdj
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1145
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 650 :
name : fkjoquthpx
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5656
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 651 :
name : jetfbdvdfb
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3658
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 652 :
name : sqvbglvaum
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 2237
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 653 :
name : mznffojcrq
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8245
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 654 :
name : rijmlqzgst
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9585
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 655 :
name : dbhqjmgupa
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1711
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 656 :
name : zktkwhcxpu
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4977
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 657 :
name : upfbhoqokf
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4550
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 658 :
name : mxyijwpmte
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9744
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 659 :
name : tmpyowpemz
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3699
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 660 :
name : kzxkjhgyvb
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5343
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 661 :
name : ooifpybeeq
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6563
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 662 :
name : tkfsvobdmw
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3039
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 663 :
name : ujceotdsxh
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8250
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 664 :
name : fxnmqkatoo
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4401
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 665 :
name : wkebosutms
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4846
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 666 :
name : ylynxqyzko
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4978
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 667 :
name : fscjtqenmq
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 882
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 668 :
name : qceqsbhqcr
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6194
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 669 :
name : jygnibdorr
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2075
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 670 :
name : blhfcbiltm
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5308
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 671 :
name : qgtytdayrr
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3498
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 672 :
name : wagghkhsvd
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8657
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 673 :
name : zacuyvxawq
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6942
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 674 :
name : kjmrpwbzqz
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5223
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 675 :
name : vhexbfvafr
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9286
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 676 :
name : rstgjlenku
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 65
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 677 :
name : vhebhhgcio
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7850
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 678 :
name : ztbszmffbr
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 996
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 679 :
name : enlkqsrzwz
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2643
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 680 :
name : kbnnvoadud
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 4502
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 681 :
name : xgckqtfhsb
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5062
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 682 :
name : ovobllqlom
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6252
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 683 :
name : vgrxthsyqm
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8120
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 684 :
name : gliumtgegu
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8212
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 685 :
name : ovofuhonff
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4293
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 686 :
name : rbozwdscha
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7545
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 687 :
name : eqvvypeocm
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3820
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 688 :
name : yrapswsmyb
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7864
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 689 :
name : brrwmrmqgq
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8727
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 690 :
name : twuuloqfar
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1021
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 691 :
name : rlqiiecwuk
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8924
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 692 :
name : peulyharmc
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 896
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 693 :
name : srqibaodyi
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1464
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 694 :
name : gsccdbkfuy
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2902
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 695 :
name : avxtfyttcu
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7940
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 696 :
name : fvkhxokjvg
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6155
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 697 :
name : qgfnzkmudq
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 8590
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 698 :
name : ycrimoyyaw
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9926
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 699 :
name : okvvzwglrl
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 3907
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 700 :
name : ojhftvwuuw
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1079
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 701 :
name : vlethepnri
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1883
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 702 :
name : tjrcrkypgu
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7396
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 703 :
name : rqfwjmcbbt
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3829
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 704 :
name : wuinxzaxog
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 7956
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 705 :
name : bfnidyvhzy
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9109
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 706 :
name : zsfifejhby
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5834
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 707 :
name : yyrngvldcl
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2611
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 708 :
name : ggtlqapzis
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1243
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 709 :
name : ybvsodpzjt
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6774
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 710 :
name : cpbvcrvutf
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5058
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 711 :
name : cdwzvmfkmo
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9940
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 712 :
name : whaacetxym
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1082
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 713 :
name : cnvborntdb
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5833
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 714 :
name : nlvplxtgxs
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5050
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 715 :
name : zedwhspvnt
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 9197
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 716 :
name : rrumghmaol
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5254
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 717 :
name : fcpjyxdouq
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3796
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 718 :
name : xeqttxbhxp
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4021
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 719 :
name : jqwyzuvckr
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5275
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 720 :
name : lhnbbgycnx
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 6219
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 721 :
name : kcjgakbypn
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1236
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 722 :
name : qqcdsfksjz
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8086
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 723 :
name : btzmbzxezo
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 435
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 724 :
name : urnywhdizm
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6759
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 725 :
name : nuxmjyoidp
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8341
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 726 :
name : fsrsrpzuya
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3243
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 727 :
name : ypzxdivrqa
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 6014
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 728 :
name : xufqowgpsg
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 1653
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 729 :
name : vmuujzdgrt
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5535
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 730 :
name : ugozycxguq
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 338
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 731 :
name : azkwwvwzbp
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1342
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 732 :
name : gxbwyzzwgt
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1220
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 733 :
name : fkcrgymczn
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7119
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 734 :
name : trvunutosb
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7895
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 735 :
name : bvbdoieamf
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9514
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 736 :
name : wjhtdxnylh
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 304
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 737 :
name : fzjgexqkyf
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9426
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 738 :
name : dnrnhwkwux
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1429
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 739 :
name : gyvphcmxom
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8959
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 740 :
name : mxndkwbwvw
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6877
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 741 :
name : putklcozzd
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1190
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 742 :
name : jfuzkgvmcq
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9992
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 743 :
name : orghcrjssk
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7077
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 744 :
name : sueotovrcz
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4532
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 745 :
name : jrgrakkldd
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1710
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 746 :
name : iiemwzdtsf
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 109
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 747 :
name : hcyptaaeld
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1616
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 748 :
name : pzivnhwqap
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7770
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 749 :
name : aboaqhcqnn
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6976
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 750 :
name : yqoilbphuq
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 140
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 751 :
name : xtnnvfxxyk
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 6926
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 752 :
name : uimiqxlihf
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2410
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 753 :
name : llsayoivng
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7288
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 754 :
name : yluktmieur
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8429
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 755 :
name : vzrobrejpr
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2962
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 756 :
name : dtzzduonai
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5756
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 757 :
name : lyzeocxsmm
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 3886
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 758 :
name : blvckbwyox
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4244
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 759 :
name : lbamfppehd
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2429
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 760 :
name : lgmgiyhhxy
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8134
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 761 :
name : vfzvtgmikw
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8782
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 762 :
name : sjqeradzhc
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6857
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 763 :
name : irqjojpbuz
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 72
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 764 :
name : njqdpkduln
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3681
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 765 :
name : nszddnpsoj
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 1459
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 766 :
name : aknspecuzn
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8600
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 767 :
name : fbcehguwyk
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8929
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 768 :
name : ezdtusxwpw
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3041
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 769 :
name : gvqizxqvtr
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7288
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 770 :
name : dmbgfvzcto
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 441
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 771 :
name : dfqtnrsgnl
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7200
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 772 :
name : mlppsukryg
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9698
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 773 :
name : iafyvvqnbf
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6905
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 774 :
name : fasurmqcfo
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2687
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 775 :
name : sgmaghvwxy
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 4899
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 776 :
name : gknaeemugr
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2568
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 777 :
name : rxwfzcoubl
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3250
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 778 :
name : ubuhbbloxu
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3485
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 779 :
name : agnynmbbjc
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7241
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 780 :
name : ssbpzcqmsn
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5571
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 781 :
name : nxxawknxly
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9836
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 782 :
name : beqctrhlgz
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7142
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 783 :
name : smjpmfzben
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 832
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 784 :
name : mguelnwsye
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5087
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 785 :
name : eplnfasgdy
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8538
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 786 :
name : tvqqzbfxvg
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 3284
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 787 :
name : gadspkujrx
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2559
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 788 :
name : khobxqednc
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6862
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 789 :
name : jwroqgzkpq
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3215
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 790 :
name : wxrkapaeuq
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 356
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 791 :
name : ymrpdkvcum
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7119
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 792 :
name : uumlfmahsu
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2552
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 793 :
name : uevotayocs
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 2526
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 794 :
name : ogrcswqufk
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2206
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 795 :
name : wnqtbjtbax
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2582
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 796 :
name : rixikpgcko
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 1236
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 797 :
name : cyiurlgkog
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1211
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 798 :
name : bypzizqpcc
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5652
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 799 :
name : baslvjxbwl
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4866
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 800 :
name : czkrassqjw
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 2144
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 801 :
name : hdnbpkmolk
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5509
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 802 :
name : cbumuugonq
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2813
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 803 :
name : pjoekdoxrb
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9612
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 804 :
name : sduprqjyfy
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9983
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 805 :
name : rjcfnmidlb
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 288
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 806 :
name : nyyjnpayph
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5768
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 807 :
name : rwjvdxilcv
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2243
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 808 :
name : lxklgzciys
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 304
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 809 :
name : vibfdeensg
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6080
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 810 :
name : cmnoxwoago
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4856
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 811 :
name : ppyquevarn
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6826
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 812 :
name : maqzoqxese
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8265
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 813 :
name : sxurnqvkqo
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 680
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 814 :
name : xhzpiphguz
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2168
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 815 :
name : titnziewvu
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8744
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 816 :
name : ufytwhlgnf
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 528
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 817 :
name : roxmdzvhxq
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 9415
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 818 :
name : ewzcryjeey
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 278
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 819 :
name : mywmlaliji
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7422
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 820 :
name : pqpptipcnt
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6597
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 821 :
name : ppgldrnobz
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4539
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 822 :
name : hlewcxhtbu
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3135
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 823 :
name : ajygxbzmra
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 954
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 824 :
name : qjauietpxv
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2432
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 825 :
name : kfrilqlmcc
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4617
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 826 :
name : jidlclpwcm
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 782
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 827 :
name : ghaxropfau
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8277
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 828 :
name : eqohbtvqpz
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5606
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 829 :
name : ikpkjhyzmb
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 8209
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 830 :
name : yjtnsvinnz
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4006
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 831 :
name : rmlhwvqxwe
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6962
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 832 :
name : eohadbxlpk
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7781
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 833 :
name : gnurusomrk
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7624
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 834 :
name : bywkyzmxnd
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 850
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 835 :
name : rwilnefcsx
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7475
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 836 :
name : wxbsibtwyi
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5695
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 837 :
name : dbunojtvll
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3082
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 838 :
name : yftaxdbqbc
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 177
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 839 :
name : koredhnydb
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 6982
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 840 :
name : delwgkckbf
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1373
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 841 :
name : yibqmexbcc
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 5687
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 842 :
name : iozwnigrsj
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1828
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 843 :
name : afmbxyhwbl
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7501
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 844 :
name : tlkvhxdoox
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4138
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 845 :
name : hnytpvtyrw
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5893
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 846 :
name : agfkdmjicz
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6350
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 847 :
name : epackrzdqr
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1358
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 848 :
name : fgsmsxybfd
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4780
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 849 :
name : sslswvkwyc
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7409
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 850 :
name : qhkltciufq
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 2165
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 851 :
name : xsqimnewlc
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1071
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 852 :
name : gxkskfwuzd
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 2487
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 853 :
name : jksbufoydb
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 7660
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 854 :
name : iqhukrzhoz
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9662
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 855 :
name : wkxolutcsz
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2430
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 856 :
name : ntxxphqooe
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4244
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 857 :
name : sloszbmvdg
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5299
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 858 :
name : nonkncresi
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 1590
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 859 :
name : pkkfclgqim
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4752
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 860 :
name : prwebjivna
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 1011
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 861 :
name : lhzvmdjutt
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1211
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 862 :
name : fsobyplgka
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1461
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 863 :
name : qhoreavpxo
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 6075
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 864 :
name : fqbtscifiv
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 6327
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 865 :
name : sawgrcjosg
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 3122
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 866 :
name : useylwawdi
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7701
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 867 :
name : tvtremtpbl
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5065
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 868 :
name : cfmhdxfdtj
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 5105
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 869 :
name : rmnmdtyxib
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4698
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 870 :
name : ddxpmaosdk
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 573
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 871 :
name : osweecxcbi
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 5418
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 872 :
name : jqsghgiwan
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5151
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 873 :
name : svyqbcsaht
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8556
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 874 :
name : vltpsawayw
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4917
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 875 :
name : iokhenjznq
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6912
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 876 :
name : izlboddkgc
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7093
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 877 :
name : zvilcmymnm
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6543
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 878 :
name : kskvvzbylh
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 6486
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 879 :
name : xoffchtctj
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3898
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 880 :
name : cmepizolzb
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3035
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 881 :
name : jwjodlwyor
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 7470
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 882 :
name : ddrjubkkmk
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1897
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 883 :
name : jvfsjiehhu
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4083
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 884 :
name : fauzjqawap
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3372
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 885 :
name : hhumzfvfpe
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 1055
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 886 :
name : lhmhgwxjux
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8012
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 887 :
name : kghgtilqoc
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4403
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 888 :
name : fezrlhplql
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 804
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 889 :
name : nhywntfbjv
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 1783
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 890 :
name : cdedwpkocb
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9626
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 891 :
name : ncsobfhigt
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4891
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 892 :
name : arneujwfxy
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2364
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 893 :
name : wtqqhtvqbe
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9021
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 894 :
name : yollviwrpw
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 862
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 895 :
name : jbxbrgvozw
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9228
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 896 :
name : xgpktksqdh
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5325
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 897 :
name : luakvtrsiq
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2257
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 898 :
name : dtrudngydj
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8504
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 899 :
name : dbwfltzeoj
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7170
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 900 :
name : wewqabdibi
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7202
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 901 :
name : dbczhnugsi
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 874
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 902 :
name : sbvqrvuwdv
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4415
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 903 :
name : fkwhldvhlp
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8376
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 904 :
name : xcgsuzqovt
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4493
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 905 :
name : nwwjdjnaqa
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9064
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 906 :
name : iwuoqongfk
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2426
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 907 :
name : xhftslchlu
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4948
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 908 :
name : vvcrjufydk
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 4252
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 909 :
name : lwkqrebtmp
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3129
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 910 :
name : apcegnaonf
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8305
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 911 :
name : prsbhjgleu
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 5281
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 912 :
name : xyfbeooged
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 3973
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 913 :
name : wobqrlzxwd
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3471
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 914 :
name : ogwujaizio
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4515
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 915 :
name : halkscvrat
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 7800
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 916 :
name : pljlfvnpuw
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7175
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 917 :
name : nheyrwdpqd
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4559
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 918 :
name : btvnhciwuc
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2656
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 919 :
name : fcgldyjgpz
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 2699
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 920 :
name : zlzwyiziev
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 8327
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 921 :
name : uvsagxapdp
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 4200
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 922 :
name : ugntdnbevi
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 180
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 923 :
name : zpstsarssw
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 2056
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 924 :
name : rxyetdrwjo
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8704
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 925 :
name : xqxrmpsfkm
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 6444
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 926 :
name : pjynnrtgoe
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 1388
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 927 :
name : xteukqmevw
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 3269
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 928 :
name : tcdrssjnbz
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8374
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 929 :
name : jfoqcbgofe
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 5390
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 930 :
name : azodsiydvb
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 8885
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 931 :
name : ylcobepkux
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9642
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 932 :
name : gxpwdieblz
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 3873
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 933 :
name : jeflvjskvo
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7544
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 934 :
name : nnfdlknqla
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7221
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 935 :
name : koesczbwmw
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5060
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 936 :
name : rzryecjruw
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 3891
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 937 :
name : owisomurig
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 8350
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 938 :
name : hrhasldbcz
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8672
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 939 :
name : ffcpasbukl
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 322
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 940 :
name : pppwphjukn
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9378
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 941 :
name : qmhsbjncdx
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 7463
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 942 :
name : wodoltvwni
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 2325
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 943 :
name : xjfgehprlu
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 640
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 944 :
name : qlotzbowye
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 888
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 945 :
name : gyomeuvwni
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 9200
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 946 :
name : lidcbcfsaf
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6976
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 947 :
name : uqfjemfzit
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8107
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 948 :
name : qgatkexqwy
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 5074
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 949 :
name : ohvwsbiyas
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7177
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 950 :
name : nilpdytdqr
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7898
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 951 :
name : rykoueqees
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 8633
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 952 :
name : hezvtctphj
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 7569
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 953 :
name : zptlfprxuw
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8368
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 954 :
name : keplzjquax
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 2587
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 955 :
name : eevzrdpjaj
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8976
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 956 :
name : nltcyuloqn
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 7685
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 957 :
name : eafccyfrhh
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 7825
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 958 :
name : rqamtaigpy
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1796
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 959 :
name : xabecddjwk
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 5
maintainence_budget : 4786
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 960 :
name : omuqanqiwh
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 2965
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 961 :
name : jconhtskcp
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 3984
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 962 :
name : plgkbgzuox
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4998
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 963 :
name : fxeumnnfzr
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 4792
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 964 :
name : hxeojiwicl
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1340
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 965 :
name : ndrtzdgmif
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6809
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 966 :
name : vejcuukqeo
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 6010
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 967 :
name : pcpgvoldaw
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 3723
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 968 :
name : migxmcrwsw
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4767
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 969 :
name : uwnjeixslz
attractiveness : 3
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 922
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 970 :
name : jdtrcftudn
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 10
maintainence_budget : 7334
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 971 :
name : wxxjgctgug
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7428
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 972 :
name : nxdgqiolcr
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 9070
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 973 :
name : khxhsglmmh
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 8604
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 974 :
name : ulfztwhhjl
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 590
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 975 :
name : iwehfwntib
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9052
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 976 :
name : domiphgxps
attractiveness : 7
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 5709
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 977 :
name : xccbjhazak
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5802
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 978 :
name : qanelemtbd
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 9700
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 979 :
name : zlgbprkpql
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 6131
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 980 :
name : phrcmcgyvk
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 1579
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 981 :
name : cxikazbkqu
attractiveness : 10
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 4098
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 982 :
name : deqwicyrcw
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 9564
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 983 :
name : abcklcmmpc
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 1359
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 984 :
name : dbiwxryyid
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 6665
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 985 :
name : mblonwtzkk
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 2
maintainence_budget : 5107
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 986 :
name : ectpariyrq
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 5580
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 987 :
name : nynaoawjai
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 8576
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 988 :
name : wcgrrgibhb
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 9317
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 989 :
name : yjwnjnohyq
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 4915
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 990 :
name : wvufnmlxns
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 8
maintainence_budget : 4220
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 991 :
name : bmpabaprkn
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 7194
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 992 :
name : zaxufkishx
attractiveness : 4
intelligence : 7
maintainence_budget : 3609
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 993 :
name : kvkbvlbkdl
attractiveness : 1
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 3900
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 994 :
name : rhsodzylrh
attractiveness : 5
intelligence : 1
maintainence_budget : 8177
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most rich
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 995 :
name : mbuwcrhfem
attractiveness : 8
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 8796
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 996 :
name : pbuhrxgpkz
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 6707
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The choosy

girl 997 :
name : edlyzpqiwu
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 4
maintainence_budget : 9469
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 998 :
name : lnfguxfcos
attractiveness : 6
intelligence : 6
maintainence_budget : 8324
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most attractive
type_of_committed_girl : The normal

girl 999 :
name : xohkoiberz
attractiveness : 9
intelligence : 9
maintainence_budget : 5254
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

girl 1000 :
name : xmzeuvdbzu
attractiveness : 2
intelligence : 3
maintainence_budget : 4696
criteria_for_choosing_boys : Most intelligent
type_of_committed_girl : The desperate

